Absolute Visual Magnitude (Scientific Term)
Unlike the usual visual magnitude system, which compares the apparent 
brightness of stars as viewed from a specific planet, this unit was 
created to compare the actual brightness of stars.
This unit gives the brightness of a star when viewed from a specific 
distance of ten parsecs (32.6 light years).

Accession of the Flame (Other)
A ceremony in the military superpower of Airyglyph that marks a 
covenant with the air dragons that are such a vitally important part of 
the Glyphian military.  The ceremony is essentially a proposal from 
knight to dragon to join forces and fight together.
Attempting a covenant with a powerful air dragon is an extremely 
dangerous act, and the success rate of such ceremonies is said to be 
less than 30%.
Of course, the more powerful the partner, the more dangerous the fight 
needed to complete this ceremony.  It is not uncommon for knights with 
the hubris of exaggerating their own prowess to pay with their lives.

Aire (Myth/Tradition)
One of the major gods of the Church of Apris, and the god of the land.
Aire is said to be a giant--the largest of the gods--who wields a 
gigantic battle axe.

Alterable Space (Scientific Term)
When matter exists in three-dimensional space, space warps in direct 
proportion to the amount of energy in that matter, and that matter 
begins moving in a direction described by a curved, or geodesic line.
This phenomenon appears to observers as gravity, and acts as if a force 
were being exerted in the surrounding area. "Alterable space" (or 
"altspace" for short) is a term referring to this type of three-
dimensional universe.
People tend to think that the mass in matter warps space and creates 
gravity, but in reality, it is the energy in the matter that actually 
warps space, thereby giving the appearance of what we refer to as 
"mass".
The theory of alterable space was a historical scientific breakthrough, 
and led to a major revolution that resulted in the recent gravity-based 
technologies such as Gravitic warp, all of which depend upon total 
control over altspace.

Alteration (Technology Name)
A mysterious power given to Maria by the research team of Dr. Leingod, 
Fayt's father.

Alteration (Part 2) (Technology Name)
A power given to Maria for use in the battle against the 4D beings.  
The power of alteration can be used to convert any material data in the 
Eternal Sphere, thereby stabilizing it in 4D space.
On the other hand, this power can also potentially be used to change 
the existential values of material in the Eternal Sphere, rendering its 
very existence unstable.

Antimatter Torpedo (Weapon)
A weapon used before the quantum torpedo was perfected, consisting of a 
gigantic railgun that shoots a torpedo filled with both matter and 
antimatter deuterium through subspace.
The torpedo returns to ordinary space a set period of time after 
launch, and creates an explosive force directed against its target when 
the antimatter and matter come together.

Apris (Myth/Tradition)
The central god of the Church of Apris, the most widely followed 
religion on the continent of Gaitt.  The star Elicoor is said to be the 
physical manifestation of Apris.  The teachings say now that Apris has 
set his own body on fire and became Elicoor, he can no longer return to 
the ground, but by sending the Emissary of Apris, he is still able to 
lead the people.

Arrow of Apris (Myth/Tradition) 
According to Ikelos' Book of Prophecies, handed down from ancient times 
in the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria, when chaos strikes the holy land, an 
arrow will shoot down from the heavens.

Astronomical Unit (AU) (Scientific Term)
A distance unit defined on Earth during the pre-SD era as the average 
distance from Earth to its star, Sol.
When converted to metric measurements, this works out to around 149.6 
million kilometers.
Since many of the life forms encountered in the galaxy have lived on 
planets at approximately the same distance from their own stars, this 
unit still enjoys widespread use, even in the SD era.

Atmospheric Composition (Scientific Term)
A description of what kinds of molecules are present in a planet's 
atmosphere, as well as their ratios.
Planets with an atmospheric composition that supports humanoid life, in 
particular those with an oxygen density that is neither too high nor 
too low, are referred to as E-class planets (the "E" stands for 
"Earth").

Battle Simulator (Technology Name)
A battle simulation system with the latest holographic technology, 
allowing the user to enjoy a wide variety of different fights with 
simulated opponents in virtual space.  The system provides deep sensory 
feedback, not only of the traditional visual and auditory type, but 
olfactory and tactile as well, resulting in a fighting experience that 
is essentially indistinguishable from the real thing.

Battle-Class Ship (Ship)
The latest model of battle spaceship, used as the backbone of the 
Pangalactic Federation military.
Since battleships are built out of carbonic neotide, which as extremely 
high light beam absorption characteristics, they boast stealth 
characteristics that are dramatically superior to those of other ship 
classes.
Battleships are approximately 300 meters long, sport a variety of 
armaments such as creation cannons, phase cannons, and quantum 
torpedoes, and are extremely versatile.
Also, battleships are designed with the capability to simultaneously 
fire out of multiple gun ports, for overwhelming firepower that goes 
beyond what one would ordinarily believe possible.
Battleships are also fully equipped from a defense standpoint, and are 
able to block up to 2.94 x 10-8% units of energy by using a sympathetic 
vibration effect between two onboard space-time displacement shields.  
These high-quality shields are manufactured by Ostin Manufacturing, 
which as the best reputation of any manufacturer in the Pangalactic 
Federation.

Battleship (Ship) 
See Battle-Class Ship.

Battleship Aquaelie (Ship)
Commodore Wittcomb's beloved flagship, from which he has successfully 
engaged in battle for the more than ten years since he was assigned 
control of Remote Station #6.
Although the Aquaelie is an old model, it has been retrofitted a number 
of times, and performs as well as any newer ship.
With the ingenious Commodore Wittcomb at its helm, the Aquaelie has 
become known as one of the Federation's most powerful battleships.

Black Brigade (Organization)
One of the three military branches of the Kingdom of Airyglyph, 
comprised of heavily armored knights that move across the battlefield 
wielding huge swords much taller than themselves, encased in sturdy 
black armor.
The Black Brigade is said to be the most destructive force on the 
continent of Gaitt, inspiring awe in allies and terror in foes.
Albel Nox, otherwise known as Albel the Wicked, master of the katana 
and general commander of the forces invading Aquaria, is the current 
captain of this brigade.

Blades of Ryusen (Weapon)
A pair of twin swords forged from concentrated runological essences 
during the reign of Aquaria XXIV, the Queen of Light.
These twin swords were lost when Nevelle Zelpher, who was the previous 
Crimson Blade, died on a mission.

Calnus (Ship)
A small ship based on the Aquaelie, used to transport small numbers of 
passengers down to planets.
Although the Calnus possesses neither especially strong weaponry nor 
powerful shields, it does have the offensive capability to take on an 
enemy as powerful as a combat ship.

Celestial Ship (Other)
The name Elicoorians gave to the Vendeeni ships after seeing them for 
the first time.
To the inhabitants of an underdeveloped planet like Elicoor, spaceships 
and other such objects must appear to be associated with the gods.

Channeled Force (Scientific Term)
A force created by changing the form of runological force in such a way 
that extremely tiny electrons move back and forth between material 
objects in a special kind of flow.
Storage and transport of this force is relatively easy, and it enables 
even those who cannot use runology on their own to wield runological 
power in the form of a runological weapon.
In other words, it's the Elicoorian term for electricity.

Church of Apris (Organization)
A polytheistic religion honoring Apris, the Sun God, as its central and 
most powerful god.  Almost all inhabitants of the Sacred Kingdom of 
Aquaria, and roughly half of the humans living on Elicoor II adhere to 
the worship of Apris.
According to the Church of Apris, when upheaval is at hand in the 
world, a prophet of Apris, the Sun God, descends from the heavens to 
search for the age's most powerful wielder of runological power 
(usually a woman), and elevates this person to the status of Holy 
Mother.
Of course, with the current invasion by the military superpower of 
Airyglyph, it is believed that the prophet of Apris, the Sun God, has 
descended in our age.  This time, the Holy Mother is thought to be 
Aquaria XXVII, who is also queen of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria.

Combat Explorer (Ship)
A large vessel of approximately one kilometer in length built to 
explore uncharted regions of space outside the Pangalactic Federation's 
sphere of influence.
These ships often embark on extended voyages of several months to 
several years at a time, so are designed to operate independently and 
handle any task alone, including combat.

Communicator (Technology Name)
The standard communications device in use throughout the Pangalactic 
Federation.  This device is capable of both Gravitic communication over 
a distance of one astronomical unit, as well as the translation of 
unknown languages through voice pattern analysis.
Communicators can also be used to send distress signals over a distance 
of approximately one light year.

Connection (Technology Name)
A power given to Sophia for the fight against the 4D beings, that is 
capable of penetrating the barrier between 4D space and the Eternal 
Sphere.
Since this ability was researched and created in a short period of time 
after the others were complete, it doesn't always work perfectly.

Copper (Other)
A metallic element with an atomic number of 29, an atomic mass of 
63.546, a melting point of 1,084.5 degrees centigrade, and a density of 
8.96 g/c3.
Although there are other substances that conduct electricity better 
than copper, all of them are much more expensive, or more complicated 
to produce, so copper is treasured as a material for conducting 
electric current on almost all civilized planets, including Earth.

Copper Ore (Other) 
See Copper Pyrite.

Copper Pyrite (Other)
A sulfide ore created from copper and iron with a brass or yellow 
luster that often causes it to be mistaken for gold.  When copper 
pyrite is reduced once, the crude copper generated can be electrolyzed 
in order to easily extract pure copper.

Corsair (Ship)
Of the large space ships used in the Milky Way, this type is designed 
with extra emphasis on maneuverability.  Although corsairs cannot turn 
as sharply as battle-class ships, they are very good at accelerating 
and decelerating.
They are much larger than battleships, but since they can sport large 
creation engines, they are slightly faster when traveling at their 
maximum warp speed.

Craftsman's Guild (Organization)
A government-run guild in the town of Peterny, created with the goal of 
improving technology by protecting talented craftsmen and engineers, 
and by promoting friendly competition between the same.
Basically, this honored organization acts to place work orders and to 
protect engineers.

Creation Cannon (Weapon)
The creation energy-based cannons used by ships in the Pangalactic 
Federation military.
Since these guns use creation energy as an energy source, they are far 
more destructive than the antimatter cannons that used to be the 
mainstay of ship-to-ship weaponry.
However, creation cannons are far more difficult to control.  In 732 
SD, the time-space displacement shield inside the battleship Tilgrem's 
primary cannon malfunctioned, resulting in an explosion that 
annihilated an entire planet from this universe!
For this reason, Federation law stipulates extremely severe 
restrictions regarding the use of creation cannons.

Creation Energy (Scientific Term)
Research on this completely new type of energy system began after a 
discovery in the second half of the 4th century SD, and practical 
applications based on the system first appeared in the first half of 
the 8th century SD.
This system, which was discovered in an ancient ruin on the planet 
Milokeenia, describes a system wherein part of the energy that exists 
in imaginary number space is drawn into three-dimensional space.  
Theoretically, this type of system could produce an essentially 
infinite amount of energy.
Of course, since no type of material or electromagnetic shield can 
withstand the tremendous amounts of energy created by this system, the 
use of creation energy is strictly limited to special areas of space 
surrounded by space-time displacement shields.

Creation Engine (Technology Name) 
A device that can generate creation energy.
See Creation Energy.

Crimson Blade (Organization)
A title given to those individuals most trusted by the queen of 
Aquaria.  A person with this title may not be hampered in any way by 
anyone but the queen herself, and can issue orders with the authority 
of the queen.

Crimson Scourge (Weapon)
A legendary magic sword and one of the hidden treasures of the gods 
from the age of the Ancient Kingdom of Aquor, Crimson Scourge is said 
to have the ability to cut the sky itself.
However, it chooses its own master, and it is said that if someone 
unworthy touches it, they will be driven insane as punishment.

Cutter (Ship)
A ship designed purely for maneuverability with superb acceleration, 
deceleration, and turn radius characteristics.
The major drawback of a Cutter is that the interior is almost entirely 
taken up by the Gravitic warp engine and creation engine, so there's 
not much room left for living in space.

Dasvanu (Ship)
The ship belonging to Biwig, the supreme commander of the planet 
Vendeen.
The Dasvanu was constructed with extremely advanced technology that 
even surpasses that of the Pangalactic Federation and the Aldian 
Empire, and boasts offensive and defensive capabilities that rank among 
the best in the galaxy.

Destruction (Technology Name) 
A mysterious power given to Fayt by the team of Dr. Leingod, Fayt's 
father.

Destruction (Part 2) (Technology Name)
A power given to Fayt for use in the battle against the 4D beings.  The 
power of destruction applies the physical laws of the Eternal Sphere in 
order to manipulate the space surrounding the user, even when it is 
used in 4D space.
If this power were to be used inside the Eternal Sphere itself, it 
could actually alter the physical laws of that universe.

Diplo (Ship)
A large ship used by the anti-Federation organization Quark as its 
flagship.  Although the Diplo looks like an ordinary diplomatic 
flagship from the outside, it has been extensively modified with 
diverted military parts.
Although it would be no match for a regular battle-class ship of the 
Pangalactic Federation, it does boast firepower and defensive 
capabilities that are vastly superior to those of typical spaceships.
Although the Diplo is officially registered to Cliff, Cliff has 
preferred to use the Eagle ever since the organization obtained it, and 
these days Maria always commands the Diplo.

Diplomatic Flagship (Technology Name) 
One of the classes of large space ships used in the Milky Way.
Diplomatic transports are built more sturdily than most ships, and 
possess some offensive capabilities, but are not very powerful--at 
least in theory.

Dirna (Myth/Tradition)
A goddess of fire and one of the primary goddesses of the Church of 
Apris.
Dirna has two forms, one of fury and one of wisdom.  Legend has it that 
when she takes the form of fury, she uses a magic staff endowed with 
the power of ancient dragons, and when she takes the form of wisdom, 
she wields a bow that shoots dazzling beams of runological light.

Disrupter Cannon (Weapon)
The main cannons used on Vendeeni ships.
Since the Vendeeni never exchange technology with outsiders, no details 
are yet known about the systems they employ, but it is apparent that 
disrupter cannons achieve their tremendous output by somehow 
interfering with space-time.

Disrupter Gun (Weapon)
A type of personal weapon used by Vendeeni soldiers that has the 
ability to obliterate its target by firing micro-particles from its 
barrel at high speed.
Since the disrupter rifle, which is a laser weapon, is no match alone 
for mechanized weapons equipped with reflective armor, Vendeeni 
soldiers are also equipped with this projectile weapon.

Disrupter Rifle (Weapon)
A personal weapon used by the Vendeeni that vaporizes its target in an 
instant with a high-powered laser.
This gun is also capable of shrinking its bore and concentrating its 
energy in a single point, in order to increase its piercing power.
However, since this gun is not useful in all situations, most Vendeeni 
soldiers also carry disrupter guns for self-defense.

DNA (Scientific Term)
A double strand of base proteins located in the nucleus of a cell, 
arranged in a spiral shape.  DNA is an abbreviation of 
"deoxyribonucleic acid".
DNA strands include four types of base proteins, namely adenine, 
guanine, cytosine, and thymine.  The genetic information that describes 
an organism is encoded in the combinations of these four bases.
Some religions hold that DNA is a program encoded into us by the gods.

Dragon Brigade (Organization)
One of the three military branches of the Kingdom of Airyglyph, made up 
of flying knights mounted on air dragons.
This small, elite mobile force mainly conducts surprise attacks and 
assaults on enemy encampments, as well as scouting missions that take 
advantage of their ability to fly.
The three branches of the Airyglyph military (Storm Brigade, Black 
Brigade, and Dragon Brigade) are officially equal in rank.  But due to 
the nature of the missions assigned to the Dragon Brigade, its captain 
is authorized to issue royal commands.  So it would be no exaggeration 
to say that the Dragon Brigade's captain is also the commander-in-chief 
of the Airyglyph military.
Duke Vox, who is also commander-in-chief of the Peacekeeping Force, is 
the current captain of this brigade.

Dragon Runes (Language)
A language mainly used by dragons, and written using phonetic symbols 
so that Elicoorians can understand it.
Since dragons actually have almost no cultural tradition of written 
languages, and those who have reached a certain age can speak many 
different tongues, most people have never heard of Dragon Runes.

Eagle (Ship)
Cliff and his companions' ship.  The Eagle is small, yet boasts a 
powerful Gravitic warp engine and light body that, in combination, make 
it one of the most maneuverable ships in the galaxy.
Since priority was given to maneuverability in the ship's design, it 
possesses no major weaponry, but it is fast enough to shake off any 
unskilled pursuers in the blink of an eye.
The Eagle actually belongs to Quark, rather than to Cliff personally.

Electric Current (Scientific Term)
The movement of free-flowing electrons that are not attached to any 
atoms.  Electrons are one of the building blocks of matter, along with 
protons and neutrons.
In general, an electric current flows from positively to negatively 
charged areas, but the electrons themselves actually flow in the 
negative to positive direction.
This may sound like two completely different phenomena, but in 
actuality, they are one and the same.
Electricity has always been defined as flowing in that direction in 
terms of electronic designs, but the electrons physically flow in the 
opposite direction.

Electromagnetic Shield (EMS) (Technology Name)
A shield system that utilizes powerful radiation to form layers of 
gravitons in any desired location.
This system uses the phenomenon whereby energy that is continuously fed 
into a certain closed space creates matter and gravitons to be formed, 
in order to create an antigravity field as well as a physical force 
field.
When this type of shield is used in a battle situation, this frequency 
of the radiation used to generate the shield is randomly changed with 
each deployment.  This prevents the enemy from matching the frequency 
of the shield and disabling it.
It takes a tremendous amount of energy to deploy this kind of shield, 
so energy for this purpose must be stored somewhere in advance.  Of 
course, there are limits to the space available, so it is not wise to 
deploy a shield that is more powerful (and which requires more space) 
than necessary.
In combat, the timing at which the shield must be activated is 
unpredictable, so a number of thin energy fields are deployed outside 
the shield proper, and the shield is only activated when the fields are 
breached.

Electronegativity (Scientific Term)
A measurement of how powerfully a substance attracts electrons.
The larger this value, the better that substance is at attracting 
electrons. 
See also Ionization Energy.

Elena (Myth/Tradition)
The goddess of light, and one of the primary goddesses of the Church of 
Apris.
Elena has wings of pure white growing out of her back, and spins songs 
with her wooden sword to inspire warriors.

Emissary of Apris (Myth/Tradition) 
A prophet born from the divine breath of Apris, the primary god of the 
Church of Apris.  The Emissary of Apris is charged with acting as the 
voice of Apris.
It is said that at each turning point in history, the gods have 
bestowed their secrets upon the Holy Mother, and led her along the true 
path.

Energy Magnitude (Scientific Term)
A unit created to express huge amounts of energy on the universal 
scale, with magnitude 1 defined as the average total amount of energy 
emitted by a star approximately the same size as Sol in one microsecond 
(millionth of a second).
In this notation, the amount of energy expressed goes up by a factor of 
one thousand with each magnitude, so the energy indicated by magnitude 
9 is one septillion (10 24) times the amount of energy indicated by 
magnitude 1.

Energy Stone (Other)
An extremely rare ore that is primarily mined on planets such as Expel, 
and which is used as the raw material in the creation of Quadratic 
Keys, a catalyst necessary to activate a Quadrium Sphere.

Erinia (Myth/Tradition)
One of the primary goddesses of the Church of Apris, and the second 
eldest sister of three moon goddesses married to Apris, the Sun God.

Escape Pod (Other)
A small pod used for escape in an emergency situation.
Federal law requires all ships in the Pangalactic Federation to carry 
more than enough pods to carry the maximum number of crew and 
passengers.
Each pod is just large enough to hold one adult, and includes a small 
Gravitic warp engine in addition to the life support equipment.  An 
average adult male humanoid could survive inside a pod for 
approximately one week.
Pods are also capable of entering a planet's atmosphere, and when a 
swift rescue seems hopeless, it will automatically search for and land 
on the nearest planet that can sustain life.

Eternal Sphere (Technology Name)
A virtual universe created by the 4D beings that does not actually 
exist in reality.
The Eternal Sphere is the universe of Fayt and everyone he knows.

Folstar (Myth/Tradition)
A primary god of the Church of Apris that is the master of the 
underworld.
Frigidly handsome, Folstar is said to cleave the silver thread that 
binds the soul to the body with a long sword he holds in his hand.

Force Field (Technology Name)
An artificially created energy field.  As of the current year of 772 
SD, force fields are used for a diverse range of applications, from 
shields on spaceships to simulation games for children.

Genomorphist (Other)
Researchers in the field of genomorphy.
The division between person of religion, who guide the hearts of their 
flock in the name of gods, and persons of science, who attempt to 
research absolute truth, was born of human language and continues even 
now that we have taken to living in outer space.

Genomorphy (Scientific Term)
A prohibited field of science in which a target organism is freely 
created through the research and direct manipulation of the genetic 
information of living organisms.
This field, which intrudes upon the domain of the gods, has been 
declared heresy by certain types of religious people and philosophers, 
and researchers have even been persecuted in the past.  Still, this is 
one field that humanity cannot avoid on the path to the summit of 
evolution--or so some scientists believe.
Fayt's father Dr. Leingod is a famous genomorphist who is well known 
throughout the galaxy, and who specializes in the study of Genomorphy 
from the standpoint of symbological science.

Gravitic Communication (Scientific Term)
An extremely long-distance, high-speed communication system used 
primarily between stars.
This system simultaneously uses an altspace warping effect to create 
signals and a Gravitic warp to enable communication at a speed that 
would have been unthinkable before the SD era.
 
Gravitic Communicator (Technology Name) 
A device for conducting gravitic communication.
See Gravitic Communication.

Gravitic Warp (Scientific Term)
A new warp theory developed by Dr. Krupp in 537 SD, which enabled 
travel at speeds that greatly exceed those previously possible via 
subspace warp.
The system works by controlling the gravitational dimension that 
ordinarily propagates through altspace and using it to directly warp 
space in front of the ship, compressing it in such a way as to 
effectively enable extremely high-speed travel through three-
dimensional space.
Almost all large vessels nowadays utilize gravitic warp systems.

Gravitic Warp Core (Technology Name)
The gravitic warp core is the heart of a gravitic warp engine, and 
includes the creation engine that acts as an energy source for the 
gravitic warp, as well as the surrounding space-time displacement 
shield.  Any accident that might occur while this core system is 
operating could spell instant disaster, so this system is always 
located in the safest possible location on a ship.

Gravitic Warp Engine (Technology Name) 
A device which allows vessels to enter Gravitic Warp.
See Gravitic Warp.

Gravitic Warp Field (Technology Name)
A special field that is projected in the direction of travel via 
gravitic warp.
The space inside this field is compressed to a much greater degree than 
ordinary space, so ships and other objects traveling through the field 
can exceed the speed of light relative to ordinary space.

Graviton (Scientific Term)
This particle was theoretically derived from the need to explain the 
warping effect of an object's mass on space-time, it is perceived as a 
latent energy that has no effect outside the particle.
The existence of this particle was postulated in order to explain the 
actual phenomenon whereby the mass of an object will warp space-time, 
before the nature and effect of alterable space (altspace) were 
understood.
After physicists came to understand altspace, it became apparent that 
rather than mass creating the force of gravity, the existence of matter 
warps space-time in such a way that the apparent force of gravity 
results, and this effectively disproves the existence of "gravity" 
itself.
Regardless, the graviton still survives as one of the tools used to 
help explain the extremely confusing effects of altspace.

Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle (Scientific Term)
One of the core principles of quantum mechanics that states that "the 
momentum and coordinate of any subatomic particle cannot both be known 
at the same time".
In other words, if you measure the location, the act of measurement 
itself will actually change the momentum of that subatomic particle.  
Conversely, if you measure the momentum, then there will be no way to 
simultaneously measure the location.
This does not mean that you cannot know the coordinate or momentum of a 
particle before you measure it, but rather that particles are made up 
of a combination of a wide variety of possibilities, and really have no 
specific location or momentum.  There is no way to know the results 
until you actually take a measurement.
This physics theory is so powerful it even has philosophical 
ramifications, and is no less important nowadays in the SD era than it 
was in the era before space travel.

Helre (Ship)
A Federation transport ship based at Remote Station #7 with the 
official name of GFSS-12372 Helre.
Incidentally, in the military classification system of the Pangalactic 
Federation, ships with serial numbers in the one thousand range are 
battle-class ships, those in the two to five thousand range are combat 
explorers, those in the six to nine thousand range are research 
explorers, and those in the ten thousand range are transport ships.

Holy Mother (Myth/Tradition)
According to the Church of Apris, the Holy Mother is a person sent by 
Apris, the Sun God, with a highly sophisticated knowledge of runology, 
as well as the power to command the secrets of the gods.
The Holy Mother also possesses the special ability to deeply perceive 
the flow of runological force with the naked eye.

ID (Technology Name)
An abbreviation of "Intervention Device."

Ikelos' Book of Prophecies (Myth/Tradition)
A book of prophecies written by Aquaria I, the first Holy Mother.  This 
book contains a total of 777 chapters in 13 sections.
The following prophesy is recorded in the 15th chapter of the 10th 
volume:
"There shall be Chaos in the holy land.
From this Chaos shall spread grave Misfortune, and Misfortune shall 
give birth to a new War.
Amidst this War shall the Arrow of Apris be shot down from the Heavens.
The Arrow shall rend the Land from the Heavens, and create still more 
Chaos.
Be at ease, for peace awaits, and calm and tranquility shall rule in 
the end."
While Aquaria XXVII believes that the Arrow of Apris described in this 
book is actually the Eagle, there is no way to confirm if her theory is 
correct.

Incapacitator (Weapon)
An anti-personnel weapon used to capture Fayt and companions when they 
attempted to escape.
This machine is only used to capture organisms alive, and lacks the 
ability to inflict casualties.

Independence (Ship)
One of the battle-class ships of the Pangalactic Federation.
This ship was able to destroy one Executioner by predicting its 
movements and hitting it with all of the ship's quantum torpedoes in an 
incredibly lucky volley.
Thus the Independence was awarded a somewhat pyrrhic Award of 
Outstanding Achievement for giving hope to the military forces of the 
Pangalactic Federation.
Of course, the Independence was destroyed immediately after this 
accomplishment.

Intervention Device (Technology Name)
A special tool created by the employees of Sphere in order to manage 
the data of the Eternal Sphere.
By using this tool, it is possible to remove the restrictions placed on 
characters inside the Eternal Sphere, so that they may perform actions 
that are ordinarily impossible.
This tool is generally referred to by its abbreviation, "ID".

Invisible (Ship) 
A battle-class ship of the Pangalactic Federation that was literally 
erased by the awakened power of Maria during a battle with the Diplo.
Brigadier General Schilling was in command.
The official explanation for this incident is that the ship was 
destroyed in an accident involving a new type of mine while engaged in 
battle with the Aldian Empire.

Ionization Energy (Scientific Term)
A measurement of how readily metallic elements dissolve into metal ions 
in a solvent.
The lower the ionization energy of a material, the harder it is to 
dissolve, and the easier it is to precipitate as a solid.
See Electronegativity.

Irisa (Myth/Tradition)
This major goddess of the Church of Apris is the eldest of three 
sisters represented by the moons.  These three goddesses are also the 
wives of Apris, the Sun God.
Elicoor II has three moons of various sizes, named Irisa, Erinia, and 
Palmira, and the Church teaches that these moons are the triplet wives 
of Apris, the Sun God.
Usually when a planet such as Elicoor II has multiple large moons, the 
ebb and flow of the tides has a major effect, but in the case of 
Elicoor II, the gravitational effects of the two smaller moons are 
precisely offset by the gravity of the largest moon, Irisa, 
and in an arrangement so rare as to be miraculous, the three moons 
revolve around the planet in a synchronized orbit such that the center 
of the gravity of the three is located inside the planet itself.

Iron (Other)
A metallic element with an atomic number of 26, an atomic mass of 
55.845, a melting point of 1,536 degrees centigrade, and a density of 
7.874 g/c3.
This is a relatively common metal that is found throughout the 
universe, and which has contributed to the advancement of a large 
number of civilizations.

Leiria (Myth/Tradition)
One of the primary goddess of the Church of Apris.
This gentle goddess tags along with her older sister Shar, Goddess of 
Water.  It is said that Leiria winds time with her staff, thereby 
allowing history to move forward.

Magnitude (Scientific Term) 
See Energy Magnitude.

Maiden of Irisa (Myth/Tradition)
A perennial that represents Irisa, goddess of moon and wind, it is also 
used as a charm to pray for a safe journey.
The Maiden of Irisa produces highly nutritious fruits with plenty of 
moisture all year round that have wetted the throats of many a 
traveler.
Can there be any doubt that it is a true gift from the goddess?

Mech Master (Other)
The title given to Mechateers in the technological superpower of 
Greeton who are especially skilled at controlling mechs.
One could count the number of great Mechateers given this title during 
the long history of Greeton on the fingers of both hands.

Mechanized Corps (Organization)
A special unit of the technological superpower of Greeton comprised of 
steel, humanoid, motorized machines that are manipulated by a man known 
as the Mechateer.  These units were responsible for the downfall of the 
Ancient Kingdom of Aquor.
It is said that the bodies of these machines were impervious to damage 
by arrow or blade, and that their arms thundered as they shot fort 
gouts of flames.

Mechateer (Organization)
A person in the technological superpower of Greeton who can freely 
control mechanical soldiers.
Exceptionally gifted Mechateers are given the title Mech Master, and 
are venerated even more highly than kings.

Melting Point (Scientific Term)
The temperature at which a substance goes through a state change from 
solid to liquid.
The most well-known example of a melting point is that of pure ice, 
which melts at zero degrees Celsius at standard atmospheric pressure.

Mercury (Other)
A metallic element with the atomic number of 80, mercury has an atomic 
mass of 200.59, a melting point of -38.842 degrees centigrade, and a 
density of 13.546 g/c^3.  Mercury is used inside the latest runological 
weapons.  When materials such as silver that have a higher level of 
electronegativity than mercury are dissolved in a solvent and used as 
conductive material, those materials separate after electricity is 
channeled through them.  This is why the internals of the Thunder Arrow 
cannot be constructed with metals such as gold or silver. 

Moonshadow Clan (Organization)
An armed band of thieves that has recently made its base in Duggus 
Forest, to the west of the town of Peterny.  The Moonshadow Clan preys 
upon merchants passing by on the road, robbing them of all the money 
and valuables they can get their hands on.

Neuyman Purifier (Technology Name)
A device developed by Dr. Neuyman in 371 SD that repairs the physical 
and mental distortion that the interaction with special particles 
generated by purified energy stones causes in organisms.
This purifier makes use of a special phenomenon called Kurtz 
adsorption, which removes the Symbological particles that are the cause 
of the biological pollution, thereby cleansing the target creature.

OPA (Other)
An abbreviation of "out of place artifact", which is an object that is 
far too technologically advanced for the age and place in which it was 
discovered.
OPAs usually turn out to be merely exaggerations based on faulty 
analysis, or underrated evaluations of alien cultures stemming from the 
arrogance of their discoverers.  But in some cases, such as the Time 
Gate that exists on the planet Styx, or the creation energy that was 
discovered on the planet Milokeenia, the OPA's presence cannot be so 
easily explained away.

Orb (Myth/Tradition) 
See Sacred Orb.

Oreas (Myth/Tradition)
The god of darkness, and one of the primary gods of the Church of 
Apris.
This sharp-eyed god of few words is said to wield a dagger steeped in 
the purest black.

Palmira (Myth/Tradition) 
A primary goddess of the Church of Apris and the youngest of the three 
moon goddess sisters married to Apris, the Sun God.

Palmira's Flower (Other)
A beautiful, sweetly fragrant flower that represents the primary 
goddess Palmira, one of the three moon goddesses.
Individual flowers have short life spans, but they tend to grow in 
clusters, and they have no specific blooming season, so they seem to 
always be blooming in a wild profusion as one flower after another 
opens its petals randomly.
This is why places where this flower blooms are thought to be "the 
closest places to Heaven on Elicoor".
In the language of flowers, this flower means "eternal beauty".

Palmira's Wishing Charm (Myth/Tradition)
One of the most commonly used charms in the region around Peterny, 
created by tying together Palmira's Flowers in a single long thread.  
It is thought that if someone succeeds in tying together 1000 flowers 
without breaking the thread, then that person's wish will be granted.
There has been a sharp increase lately in the number of people in the 
town of Peterny using this charm to wish a swift end to the war, and 
one can even buy thick and strong threads especially created for use in 
such charms.

Phase Cannon (Weapon)
A large-scale phase gun used on ships.
These cannons used to be the mainstay of ship-to-ship weaponry on 
Federation ships, but after more powerful antimatter cannons and 
creation cannons were developed, they fell out of favor.
However, as phase cannons require less energy than antimatter cannons 
and creation cannons, and can fire rapidly, they are still used as 
secondary weapons on many ships.

Phase Gun (Weapon)
A widely used personal weapon in the Pangalactic Federation, Phase Guns 
fire a powerful beam of energy that destroys the molecular cohesion of 
the target's matter through phase magnification.
It is possible to control the power output of the beam by adjusting its 
focus setting.  A stun mode is available for knocking human-sized 
animals unconscious, as well as a vaporization mode that will 
completely vaporize an object the size of an automobile.

Planet Class (Scientific Term)
Planet class is a classification of a planet's size into either S, M, 
or L.
Planets with a solid crust, but no atmosphere, are S class planets.
Planets with both a solid crust and an atmosphere are M class planets.
Gas planets without a solid crust are categorized as L class planets.  
There are variations in size depending on how far a planet is from its 
parent star, but in general, S class planets are smallest, followed by 
M class, then L class.
According to this system, Earth would be categorized as an M class 
planet.

Pod (Other)
See Escape Pod.

Qigong (Scientific Term) 
A technique of freely manipulating the spiritual energy that flows 
through one's body through physical training.

Quad Scanner (Technology Name)
A hand-held, palm-sized scanner that is capable of measuring any and 
all known types of sound waves, light, electromagnetic radiation, 
gravity waves, and other variables.
Since this scanner is also capable of emitting a variety of different 
wavelengths, it can handle nearly any biological, geological, 
environmental or other surveying task by itself.

Quadratic Key (Technology Name)
A special material created by purifying energy stone to an extremely 
high degree, and molding it to a specific structure.
This material amplifies a certain type of energy, and by combining a 
quadratic key with a quadratic sphere, it is possible to derive even 
more energy than that which can be derived from antimatter reactions.
This material also has a symbological effect on the physical structure 
and psyche of living organisms, so it must be handled with extreme 
care.

Quadrium Sphere (Technology Name)
A material created by collecting symbological essences and combining 
them with a quadratic key in a device that can generate energy in 
excess of that created in antimatter reactions.
The creation energy reaction generates an even higher amount of energy, 
but it requires a certain amount of energy to kick-star.  Antimatter 
reactors are widely used as an energy source for this purpose.

Quantum Torpedo (Weapon)
An anti-ship weapon that slips quietly through subspace, then uses a 
gravitic warp drive to strike its target at faster-than-light speeds.
This torpedo emits creation energy at the instant It reaches its target 
coordinates, thereby offering more stealth and destructive power than 
the older antimatter torpedo technology.

Quark (Organization)
One of the anti-Federation organizations that is based on Klaus III.
Quark has expanded its reach greatly in recent years, and is now so 
large that neither the Pangalactic Federation nor the Klausian 
government can afford to ignore it.
Apparently, Quark's new leader has changed recently, and the new 
leader's charisma has been drawing in many Klausians who until recently 
has followed a policy of non-interference with respect to the 
Federation.

Quark (Part 2) (Organization)
There is no doubt that the Federation's system of government allows it 
to easily attain the approval of the masses.
However, there are many people in the Milky Way galaxy who do not 
desire to live under such a system.
Neutral parties are drawn into the Pangalactic Congress where they are 
denounced, and then the federal will is imposed as the will of the 
"sweeping majority".
The will of those who are too weak militarily or economically to stand 
up to the Federation is suppressed as a "minority opinion".  This is a 
facet of that bloated giant known as the Pangalactic Federation that 
many cannot abide.
Quark is an organization that aims at using mediation to bring together 
forces that desire independence or true autonomy from the Federation, 
in order to win complete self-rule.

Quicksilver (Ship)
One of the battle-class ships of the Pangalactic Federation.
Acted as a shield for the Independence after its space-time 
displacement shield failed, and was finally destroyed in a barrage of 
Executioner fire.

Radiant (Ship)
One of the battle-class ships of the Pangalactic Federation.
This ship took a hit in the engine section during a battle with the 
Executioners, and was eventually destroyed in an explosion of creation 
energy.
Unlike most of the other ships, the Radiant was not destroyed 
instantaneously.  In a way, this may have been unfortunate for the 
crew.

Radish (Ship)
The transport ship on which Maria escaped from Federation Station #17 
as a child.
Unfortunately, the forces of the Aldian Empire that destroyed 
Federation Station #17 pursued and destroyed this ship as well.
The Radish acquired its name in an incident many years before the ship 
was cooked in the above-mentioned altercation with the Aldian Empire.
Tasked with bringing aid to a famine-struck planet in the Lambda 
sector, the crew packed the ship with food--primarily radishes, as 
radish soup is nutritious and easy to prepare.
Unfortunately, packing regulations were ignored in the rush to leave 
port, and soon after their departure, the substandard cargo containers 
began to break open.  The crew fought a week long holding mission 
against a sea of radishes spilling forth from the cargo bays.
In the chaos, stray radishes managed to find their way into hundreds of 
crevices, and even into the maintenance tunnels between the walls.  
Weeks after the mission was complete, radishes were still turning up 
throughout the ship.
Worst of all, as time passed they ripened, creating an unbearable 
stench.  Unable to ignore the pleas of his crew, the captain put into 
Remote Station #7 for maintenance.  To his dismay, the maintenance 
chief recommended a full refit.
Two weeks later when the refit was complete, the captain rechristened 
the ship "Radish" in an uncharacteristic display of humor, most likely 
developed during his long vacation on Hyda III.

Reduction (Scientific Term)
Reduction refers to any one of the following three physical processes: 
1. Taking oxygen away from a certain substance
2. Combining a certain substance with hydrogen
3. A certain atom receiving an electron
In general, however, the term is almost always used in reference to the 
first of the three definitions.

Replicator (Technology Name)
A device that generates matter by configuring basic materials according 
to molecular templates stored in a database.
In other words, as long as the original data exists, this machine can 
be used to create any object whatsoever.
There are many specialized replicators that are optimized for different 
purposes and which have different interface specifications, such as 
food and machine replicators.

Research Explorer (Ship)
A large ship of approximately one kilometer in length, built to explore 
unknown yet relatively safe regions of space.
Research explorers often travel long distances over several months to 
several years, and are designed with the ability to operate 
independently.

Rossetti Troupe (Organization) 
A wandering space circus troupe led by the Velbaysian, Piccolotto 
Rossetti.
This troupe is too small to be very famous, but it is a reasonably 
talented troupe as small circus troupes go.

Rune (Scientific Term) 
A specially shaped design that is required for runology to work.
It is possible to use runology as long as one of these designs is 
nearby, be that on the floor, on a wall, or elsewhere.
However, the effective runological power decreases by a factor of four 
with the distance between the rune and the runologist.  So other than a 
few extremely rare, highly trained individuals, almost all runologists 
have some number of runes inscribed upon their bodies that they use 
when practicing their art.

Runological Force (Scientific Term)
The force generated when runology is used.
The strength of the runological force created will depend to a large 
extent upon the level of the runological invocation and the strength of 
the runologist's psyche, as well as upon the runologist's experience 
and purity of bloodline.
The purity of a runologist's bloodline is determined by their ancestral 
connection to the Holy Mother, Aquaria I.  The more concentrated the 
blood of Aquaria I is in a runologist's veins, the more qualified that 
runologist will be.

Runological Weapon (Weapon)
A weapon of the Kingdom of Aquaria in which runological force has been 
converted into channeled force and stored, so that an untrained person 
can use the runology anywhere, at any time.

Runologist (Other)
One who serves the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria by utilizing a technique 
known as runology.
Since only a very small number of people are initiated into the art of 
runology, the ability to use these techniques alone marks a person as 
an important individual.
Although some runologists do not serve Aquaria, these few exceptions to 
the rule are almost all people who have absconded from the kingdom 
themselves, students of teachers who have done so, or retirees.

Runology (Scientific Term)
A secret art that may only be taught to selected members of the royal 
house of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria.  The technique of runology, 
which is practiced by inscribing certain patterns known as runes on the 
body, and by combining special incantations and sigils, is able to 
effect a variety of different phenomena.
Although the relationship between runology and that which is referred 
to as symbology in the Pangalactic Federation is unclear at present, it 
would seem that they are fundamentally similar.

Sacred Orb (Myth/Tradition) 
A royal treasure of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria, hidden and sealed in 
the Shrine of Kaddan.
It is infused with a powerful runological force, and is said to gush 
forth sacred water from within.

Sacred Orb (Part 2) (Myth/Tradition)
A mysterious sphere that glows with a silvery sheen, hidden and sealed 
in the Shrine of Kaddan.
When the orb is scanned with a quad scanner, no matching data can be 
found, so at present there is no way to be certain whether it is made 
of metal or some type of ore.
Strangely, its internal structure seems to be always shifting--its 
light reflection coefficient and its density changing constantly over 
time.

Sacred Tablet of the Ten Precepts (Myth/Tradition)
A tablet of ten precepts that must be strictly adhered to, which Saint 
Ronaldo Dyne is said to have received from Elena, Goddess of Light in 
the Shrine of Kaddan.
Whether or not this tablet is truly from the goddess Elena, the 
precepts inscribed upon it seem too insightful to have been written 
during a feudal age.

Scanner (Technology Name)
See Quad Scanner.

SD (Other)
A system of dates established in 2087 AD on Earth, the third planet of 
the Sol System, and the standard date system in use in the Pangalactic 
Federation.
This system commemorates the year Professor Trillas Bachtein developed 
his faster-than-light subspace warp system, which enabled interstellar 
travel.
On March 7th, four years after Earthlings first traveled faster than 
light through interstellar space, the Terran government of the time 
established this system of dates, with 2087 AD designated as the first 
year, in honor of this great achievement.

Secret Legion (Organization)
A secret Aquarian unit led by the Crimson Blade Nel Zelpher, primarily 
responsible for gathering information in the Kingdom of Airyglyph.
The Legion of the Void, which operates in the Kingdom of Greeton, and 
the Spectral Legion, which operates in the Sanmite Republic, both 
report into the Secret Legion's command structure.

Sector (Other)
One of 25 equal partitions of the Milky Way galaxy, defined so that the 
general galactic location of a star or other object can be quickly 
understood.
(Since the Milky Way is shaped like a whirlpool, there are only six 
sectors on the periphery.)
Each sector is shaped like a perfect hexagon when viewed from the 
bottom, and extends up into a hexagon-shaped pillar.  These 
interlocking sectors neatly partition the entire galaxy.
The sector that includes the center of the Milky Way is called the Zero 
Sector.  The central point of the Zero Sector lies along a straight 
line that connects to the point at the center of the universe, or the 
point from which all galaxies are expanding.
Other sectors are drawn in a whirlpool fashion radiating out from this 
line starting with the Alpha Sector, then the Beta Sector, and so on.
The center of the galaxy is much thicker than the surrounding areas, so 
the seven sectors from Zero to Zeta are also divided vertically, unlike 
the other sectors.  In this case, the sectors above and below the 
central sectors have either a + (plus) or a - (minus) affixed to the 
end of each sector name, in order to differentiate them from the 
central sectors.
If these sectors are also included, the entire Milky Way is divided 
into a total of 39 sectors.

Shar (Myth/Tradition)
One of the primary goddesses of the Church of Apris.
The most dispassionate member of the pantheon, Shar wields a frozen 
blade of infinite forms.

Security Service (Organization)
A quasi-police organization that maintains the security of 4D space day 
and night.
Although all the members of this organization possess some martial 
abilities, they can hardly be expected to stand up against opponents 
who shoot strange "things" out of their hands, or who can use "real" 
magic.

Shield (Weapon) 
See electromagnetic shield (EMS) or space-time displacement shield.

Shield Legion (Organization)
A military unit of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria commanded by Clair 
Lasbard that was originally charged with the defense of Aquios.
Now that the Kingdom of Airyglyph has been invaded, however, the Shield 
Legion has been dispatched to the town of Arias.
The Demon Hunter Legion, which was previously charged with the defense 
of Arias, and the Chain Legion, which is in charge of Peterny's 
defense, both report directly to the Shield Legion.

Silver (Other)
A metallic element with the atomic number of 47, silver has an atomic 
mass of 107.8682, a melting point of 961.93 degrees centigrade, and a 
density of 10.50 g/c^3. Of all the metallic elements that ordinarily 
exist in nature, silver is the best conductor of heat and electricity 
at room temperature, but unfortunately, it is much rarer than copper. 

Solon (Myth/Tradition)
God of clouds and one of the primary gods of the Church of Apris.
This most agile of the gods wields a two-handed mist enshrouded blade.

Space Station (Technology Name)
A facility of the Pangalactic Federation built to serve as a base for 
military defense or the mining of resources.  As of the current year of 
772 SD, the Pangalactic Federation possesses a total of 43 space 
stations and nine remote stations.
Remote stations are those that have been set up as staging bases for 
reconnaissance into unexplored regions of space.  Not all remote 
stations are located in frontier regions.

Space-Time Discontinuity Effect (Scientific Term)
Assume that person A has traveled three seconds back in time.  For 
three seconds, the person A before the time travel (A1) and the person 
A coming back from three seconds in the future (A2) will exist 
simultaneously, overlapping in time.
If, after three seconds pass, A1 travels back into the past, then no 
problem will occur.  But if A2 should prevent this from happening 
somehow, what would happen?
This Space-Time Discontinuity Effect has been proposed as one possible 
answer to the question.
According to Professor J.D. Wormer, who published this theory, the 
simultaneous existence of identical matter in the same space-time puts 
a tremendous strain on that space, so if a situation occurs whereby a 
person travels to the past and prevents his own movement through time, 
then as a result, person A will be infinitely duplicated, and three-
dimensional space will contract into the singularity caused by the 
infinite mass created.
In the same paper, Professor J.D. Wormer also predicts that if this 
type of phenomenon were to occur in the future, then the amount of mass 
in three-dimensional space would shrink to zero, and the dimensions 
themselves would revert to nothingness.

Space-Time Displacement Shield (Technology Name)
A completely new type of force field that began to be researched when 
creation energy was first discovered.
Unlike previous energy fields comprised of electromagnetic radiation, 
this field blocks energy in the fourth dimension by actually 
interfering with space-time itself, preventing it from conveying the 
energy.
In other words, whereas previous shields could only block the target 
enemy type, space-time displacement shields actually reflect the energy 
into another dimension.
This is why this new type of shield can block magnitudes more energy 
than previously utilized shields such as electromagnetic shields.

Sphere (Organization)
A huge conglomerate located in the Lost City, which is one of the 
central cities of the 4D universe.
Sphere is a gigantic corporation, and it indirectly controls almost all 
of the Lost City through its economic influence.
In other words, this company is able to legally manipulate the world 
though its control over the information and entertainment that is fed 
to the masses.

Squall (Other)
A sudden torrential rain shower accompanied by powerful winds, mainly 
occurring in tropical regions.
Speaking of squalls... Oh, never mind.

Station (Technology Name) 
See Spacetime Station.

Sterling (Ship)
One of the battle-class ships of the Pangalactic Federation.
The Sterling met the unfortunate fate of being instantly turned into a 
ball of fire by the Executioners, setting the stage for the events that 
would follow.

Storm Brigade (Organization)
A cavalry brigade and one of the three military branches of the Kingdom 
of Airyglyph.  The Storm Brigade rides around the battlefield on 
lighting-quick animals called lums, taking advantage of the animals' 
running speed by charging and disrupting enemy formations.
The current captain of this brigade is Count Woltar, Lord of Kirlsa, 
who is also Commander of the Glyphian Defense Corps.
In the Kingdom of Airyglyph, the appellation "knight" carries with it 
strong connotations of personal valor, and soldiers assigned to any of 
the three brigades (Storm Brigade, Black Brigade, or Dragon Brigade) 
are always given this title. 
 
Subspace Warp (Scientific Term)
A technology developed by Professor Trillas Bachtein in the year 2087 
AD, and used by Earth as its first faster-than-light method of travel 
between the stars.
While the ship actually travels slower than lightspeed, by wrapping the 
ship in multiple layers of subspace it is possible to sent the ship to 
locations faster than light can travel in ordinary space.
This war technology was in widespread use before the development of 
gravitic warp navigation, but nowadays, it is only used by small 
vessels with less powerful engines.

Superconducting Aluminum (Other)
A special aluminum compound that has almost zero volume resistivity 
when electric current is applied under certain conditions.
The dielectric bauxite that is used to form this material is extremely 
rare.  In fact, it is nearly as rare as energy stones.
A full ten percent of the galaxy's dielectric bauxite is located in the 
Tetragenesis System.

Sword of the Crimson Scourge (Weapon)
See Crimson Scourge.

Symbol (Scientific Term)
A specially shaped pattern that is necessary for using symbology.
Other than certain races that have symbols inscribed upon the DNA 
inside their bodies, those who use the talent known as symbology must 
use complicated invocations and markings, as well as specific symbols 
written somewhere nearby for each technique.
This is why many symbologists actually inscribe the symbols somewhere 
upon their own body.

Symbological Force (Scientific Term)
A force generated when symbology is used.
The strength of the symbological force will depend to a large extent 
upon the level of the symbological invocation, the strength of the 
symbologist's psyche, and more than anything, upon the symbologist's 
experience and natural ability.
 
Symbological Genetics (Scientific Term)
See Genomorphy.

Symbologist (Other)
One who has mastered the special technology of symbology.

Symbology (Scientific Term)
A technology discovered in 346 SD on the planet Roak whereby certain 
phenomena can be induced through the combination of the three aspects 
of invocation, marking, and mental power near an inscription of a 
special type of design called a symbol.  This technology was known as 
heraldry in the past.

The Darkest Night (Other)
A mysterious night on Elicoor II when all of the stars disappeared from 
the sky.
Incidentally, this phenomenon occurred at the exact time that Luther 
entered the Eternal Sphere.
Perhaps it was a result of a data processing bug temporarily affecting 
the Eternal Sphere when the Uninstaller was activated.

Thermostat (Technology Name)
This is a device that controls temperature and humidity around the 
wearer by absorbing the surrounding air and adjusting it so that the 
wearer is not affected by the external environment.
Of course, there are limits to the system's capabilities, as it is only 
designed to insure that the wearer is able to breathe.  Its 
specifications do not cover environments colder than 30 degrees below 
zero centigrade, or hotter than 70 degrees centigrade.
Some models exist that offer complete atmospheric control, including 
oxygen generation, temperature, and air pressure control.  However, 
most people use fully enclosed suits for such demanding environments, 
other than a small few who prefer to use a thermostat as a matter of 
personal preference.

Thunder Arrow (Weapon)
A new type of runological weapon designed by Dion's team, based on the 
channeled force theory published by Dr. Frahm.
According to Dr. Frahm's theory by sending huge amounts of channeled 
force through countless gigantic rings inside the device, it is 
possible to control the movement of positive particles, which are then 
shot at great speed in the enemy's direction.
This weapon is a crystallization of Dr. Frahm's own theories, and even 
Dion and the other runologists responsible for building the device do 
not completely understand how it works.

Time Gate (Other)
A relic that can be used to travel through time, said to be located on 
the planet Styx.
The Time Gate has an artificial intelligence inside that acts as a sort 
of judge.  Only those approved by the judge may use the portal to 
travel through time.
The current science of the Pangalactic Federation cannot tell us who 
created this device, when it was created, or what its purpose might be.  
The science that allows the relic to enable time travel, and the method 
used to resolve time paradoxes are also completely unknown at this 
time.

Time Paradox (Scientific Term)
A problem that can occur as a result of travel in time, either to the 
past or to the future.  The most famous time paradox is the Grandfather 
Paradox, which asks "what would happen if you went back in time and 
killed your grandfather--would you still exist?"
In 114 SD, Professor J.D. Wormer published his paper on the space-time 
discontinuity effect, in which he postulated that even without a major 
paradox such as the one described above, if a single speck of dust, or 
even a single electron were to travel in time, it would have a major 
effect on the present.

Toer Foundation (Organization)
A Terran organization that discovered records concerning creation 
energy on the planet Milokeenia, and eventually succeeded in developing 
practical applications after a long research project.
The application of this so-called creation energy had a revolutionary 
impact on the galaxy's energy situation.  To this date, there is no 
explanation of why an OPA technology would be located on Milokeenia.
Transport Jammer (Technology Name)
A machine that emits special gravity waves in the area around it, in 
order to jam transportation by affecting the generation of quanta that 
occurs during the transportation process.
When transportation is attempted when a machine of this nature is in 
operation, although the matter inside the transporter will be 
disintegrated as always, nothing will appear at the destination.  In 
this case, the matter transported is lost.
Therefore all transporters in use nowadays come equipped with a system 
to detect gravity waves at the destination, and will not attempt to 
transport into the field of effect of a transport jammer.

Transport Ship (Ship)
A ship with the primary mission of transporting goods and personnel.
Although transport ships are equipped with a reasonable space-time 
displacement shield, they only possess a token level of firepower.
Of course, this is only natural as they were not built to engage in 
ship battles in the first place.

Transporter (Technology Name)
A system developed in 207 SD that can disintegrate an object in one 
place, send an exact replica to any other place, and reintegrate it at 
the quantum level.
In the past, it was believed that Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle 
would prevent any transportation system of this nature from working, 
but the development of this technology has allowed a sort of pseudo-
transportation system to be implemented.

Tria (Unknown)
An extremely multifaceted god with a wide variety of aspects, ranging 
from irresponsible lout to uptight square, workaholic to lazy bum, 
sickly to healthy, even bespectacled to possessing 20/20 vision.  
Although sometimes Tria's mischief goes too far and he causes a big 
mess, kindly watching over him and keeping him out of trouble can only 
be good for your karma.

Underdeveloped Planet (Other)
A planet with a level of technology low enough to entitle it to 
protection under the Underdeveloped Planet Preservation Pact (UP3).
The UP3 defines three planetary classifications, namely underdeveloped 
planet, monitored planet, and developed planet.  A monitored planet is 
one where contact is only allowed with a number of representatives of 
that planet's civilization, and an underdeveloped planet is one where 
no contact with that planet's civilization is allowed whatsoever.
Emergency situations where lives are at stake are an exception to this 
rule, however, and secondary contact (contact where natives are not 
made aware of the fact that someone from a developed planet is present) 
is allowed.

Underdeveloped Planet Preservation Pact (UP3) (Other)
A treaty aimed at protecting planets with civilizations that are not 
yet fully developed.  Federation laws strictly prohibit contact with 
such civilizations.
The reason for this is because contact with higher civilizations often 
greatly influences the path of history of underdeveloped worlds.  All 
citizens and groups belonging to the Pangalactic Federation are 
required to adhere to this treaty, unless there is a clear and present 
danger to a person's life.
This treaty is one of the most important sets of rules in the 
Pangalactic Federation, and delineates how citizens must act in 
emergency situations.
Of course, in certain quarters, this treaty is thought to exist in name 
only.

Uninstaller (Technology Name)
A symbological program that deletes Executioners from inside the 
Eternal Sphere.
By executing this program at the Time Gate, it is possible to stop the 
activities of the Enforcers and Proclaimers.

Vile Wind (Other)
Malevolent pulsating waves that have afflicted Elicoor II ever since 
Luther entered the Eternal Sphere.
These pulsating waves affect the psyches and bodies of living 
organisms, warping them so much that many wild animals have been driven 
berserk as a result.
This phenomenon appears to be related to the biological pollution 
caused by Quadratic Keys earlier in the history of the Pangalactic 
Federation, but unfortunately, there is no way to verify this.

Volume Resistivity (Scientific Term)
A measurement of the difficulty of running a current through a certain 
substance.
The larger the value, the more difficult it is to run electricity 
through the substance.

Warp Engine Core (Technology Name) 
See Gravitic Warp Core.

Warp Speed (Scientific Term)
One method of expressing faster-than-light speeds.  This unit 
represents the relative distance traveled in normal space during a set 
amount of time.
This unit does not refer to actual speed at all, but rather to the 
distance between the measured start coordinate and measured end 
coordinate in normal space.
When the actual distance an object has moved at warp speed is measured, 
it is always 2N-1 times the distance traveled by light in normal space.

Wishing Charm (Myth/Tradition) 
See Palmira's Wishing Charm.

Wreath of Erinia (Myth/Tradition)
A wreath created by weaving the yupa flowers that represent Erinia, 
Goddess of Moon and Thunder, in order to drive away misfortune and 
prevent evil.
The practice of making this wreath before a battle in order to receive 
the protection of Erinia, the goddess of war, is still very much alive 
in the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria.