4D Space (Universe)
See Fourth-Dimensional Space.

Aire Hills (Place Name)
Both Airyglyph and Aquaria claim sovereignty over this hilly region, 
which lies between Kirlsa and Arias.  Each country wants this vast land 
for different reasons-the Kingdom of Airyglyph for growing crops, since 
it never freezes, and the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria for the wealth of 
resources hidden underneath its soil.

Airyglyph (City)
The capital city of the military superpower of Airyglyph.  Airyglyph's 
land is surrounded by 2,000 meter-high mountains.  Due to its high 
elevation, natural resources such as grain and animals are extremely 
difficult to come by.
In the past, its finances were covered by large-scale resource mining, 
the domestication of livestock, and other means, but there have been 
reports that Airyglyph's mines are nearing depletion.

Airyglyph Aqueducts (Place Name)
A system of gigantic ice caves that sprawl throughout underground 
Airyglyph.  The Airyglyph Aqueducts are so vast that neither the spies 
from the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria, who use them like a highway, nor 
the inhabitants of the Kingdom of Airyglyph, who live immediately above 
them, are aware of their true size.

Airyglyph Castle (Facility)
The royal palace of the military superpower of Airyglyph.  Airyglyph 
Castle was carved out of a mountainside, and resembles a fort more than 
a traditional castle.  It is said, however, that the castle was not 
built in this unusual fashion for defensive purposes, but rather 
because there was not enough flat land to build on.

Airyglyph, Military Superpower (Country)
See the Kingdom of Airyglyph.

Aldian Empire (Nation State)
A gigantic military empire that controls a total of seven sectors, 
centered on the Nu, Xi, Omicron, and Psi sectors, it is the only force 
equal in power to the Pangalactic Federation.  First contact occurred 
in SD 710.
The Aldian Empire attempts to colonize surrounding star systems by 
force, and is therefore incompatible with the multiple state philosophy 
of the Pangalactic Federation.  This is why the two forces have been in 
a state of constant warfare since first contact, over sixty years ago.  
The state of the Aldian Empire's home world and the total number of 
Aldians are unknown at this time.

Aldian Empire (Part 2) (Nation State)
The Aldians were wiped out when an Executioner attack destroyed their 
home world, and the planets that had been under their control gained 
independence.
However, none of the former subjects of the Aldian Empire have the 
power to stand up to the Executioners, with their empire-smashing 
strength, and the Executioners are currently massacring the empire's 
ex-subjects far and wide.

Alpha Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that lies along a straight line that 
passes from the origin points in the galactic and universal spatial 
coordinate systems, and is used as a standard of reference for 
delineating all sectors.

Ancient Kingdom of Aquor (Country)
See the Kingdom of Aquor.

Ancient Ruins of Mosel (Facility)
Mysterious, old ruins located in the Mosel Dunes.  According to the 
scriptures of the Church of Apris, the sun god Apris and three moon 
goddesses flew off into the sky from these ruins.  The scriptures also 
state that the eight children of these gods, who are also gods in their 
own right, gather together here.
According to those living in the Sanmite Republic, these ruins mark the 
beginning and end of all.
In other words, they believe that this is the place where all gods 
appear on this world, and the place from which all gods leave this 
world.

Aquatic Garden, Surferio (Facility)
A great ruin found underground between Surferio and Irisa Fields.
It was seemingly built in the early years of the Ancient Kingdom of 
Aquor, which makes it not as ancient as most people would think.  It 
still stands, with no hope of repair, after being destroyed in the war 
between Aquor and Greeton.

Aquios (City)
A major city located in the center of the northern region of the 
continent of Gaitt, Aquios is not only the capital of the Sacred 
Kingdom of Aquaria, but also a holy site of the Church of Apris.
Despite the dazzling beauty of the clear blue lake that surrounds this 
city, the runological force gathered there is greater than anywhere 
else on the continent of Gaitt.

Arakh (Planet)
Called Frozen Arakh, as its surface is covered with nitrogen ice, it is 
the seventh planet of the Estoch System, which is located near 
Federation Station #17.
Arakh's axial tilt is 87.6', it is 7.6 AUs from its parent star, and 
its surface gravity is 1.4 G.
The thin atmosphere of this nearly uninhabitable planet is mostly 
comprised of helium gas.
In spite of the harsh environment, a mining station has been 
established on Arakh since mass quantities of precious metals can be 
excavated from beneath the thick ice.

Arias (City)
A town in the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria that les closest to the 
neighboring Kingdom of Airyglyph.
It has managed to withstand several fierce attacks by the Airyglyph 
military in the past, thanks to its garrison, which is skillfully led 
by Clair Lasbard, and its runological corps.  However, many of the 
town's runologist defenders have been injured in the repeated battles, 
and it is rumored within the Kingdom of Aquaria that the fall of this 
town is imminent.

Arkives (City)
A city in 4D space--one of the satellite cities where many of the 
inhabitants of the 4D universe live.  Spacetime Station ties all of the 
major cities together.
The inhabitants of the Eternal Sphere find the psychological makeup of 
the 4D beings that live in this peculiar city to be curious creatures--
they make sense in some ways, but not in others.

Barr Caves (Place Name)
Innumerous caves that are scattered about the Mountains of Barr.
Only one of these mountain caves is the legendary Dragon Road, which 
leads to the Urssa Lava Caves.

Bequerel Mine (Place Name)
One of the Kingdom of Airyglyph's mines.
In the time of the first king, this mine mass-produced enough copper to 
support the kingdom's finances, but excessive mining over a long period 
has depleted all the copper ore except for remnants very deep in the 
mine.
To make matters worse, fifteen years ago, many flying dragons made this 
mine their home, preventing all but the most foolhardy from ever 
visiting the place.

Bequerel Mountain Path (Place Name)
A mountain path between the Kirlsa Caverns and the village of Arias 
that is also a second road connecting Airyglyph and Aquaria.
However, since this path between the kingdoms is much more roundabout 
than the usual roads, as well as precipitous, this route is hardly 
used.

Castle Aquaria (Facility)
The castle where the queen of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria dwells, a 
holy site for the Church of Apris, and the most advanced runology 
laboratory on the planet.  Many religious people and scholars flock to 
this castle to research its rich history and traditions.

Continent of Gaitt (Place Name)
A continent in the southern hemisphere of Elicoor II, Gaitt is divided 
into three regions.  The mountainous southern region is ruled by the 
military superpower of Airyglyph, the plains in the northeast are ruled 
by the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria, and the hilly region to the northwest 
is ruled by the Sanmite Republic.

Continent of Greeton (Place Name)
A huge continent located to the east of the continent of Gaitt, Greeton 
alone accounts for 40% of the entire land surface area of Elicoor II.
However, there are only two landmasses on Elicoor II that are large 
enough to be called continents-Gaitt and Greeton.  Elicoor II's 
northern hemisphere has a number of island chains, but no continents.

Daemonium (Universe)
This well-known parallel universe is the home of demons and other 
entities that are fundamentally different from the inhabitants of this 
universe.
Unlike this universe, where souls reside in matter, in the Daemonium, 
spirits are able to act by taking physical form.

Dragon Road (Nickname)
The only road that leads to the Urssa Lava Caves, which are located in 
the northernmost region of Airyglyph.  There is a legend that Airyglyph 
I, the first king of the Kingdom of Airyglyph, climbed this road in 
order to negotiate with the air dragons.  This was done to enlist their 
aid against evil demons.

Duggus Forest (Nickname)
A forest located in the middle of the Sanmite Steppe in which many 
medicinal herbs and flowers grow.
Recently, a band of thieves that calls itself the Moonshadow Clan has 
been using this forest as a base of operations, while growing in 
strength.

Earth (Planet)
The third planet of the Sol System.
Do you need to know any more than that?

Edifice (Planet)
The presence of two races has been confirmed on this underdeveloped 
planet.  One is a marine race known as the Edifians, and the other is a 
race of Humans that is very similar to the Earthling race.
Since Edifice is an underdeveloped planet, there have not been any 
detailed investigations, but the existence of an advanced ancient 
civilization has been conjectured due to the so-called "Gift" they left 
behind as a legacy.

Elicoor (Planet)
The primary of the Elicoor system has an effective temperature of 5,290 
K, a radius of 5.920 x 10(8squared)m, and an absolute visual magnitude 
of 5.74.
According to the mythology of the natives of Elicoor II, this star is 
an incarnation of Apris, the Sun God.

Elicoor II (Planet) 
Other than the fact that most of its atmosphere is composed of neon and 
other noble gases, the second planet in the Elicoor system has an 
atmospheric composition that is similar to that of Earth.
Elicoor II has an axial tilt of 32.6', is 0.8 AUs from its parent star, 
and has a surface gravity of 0.9 G.  The planet's technology level is 
estimated to be equivalent to 17th century Earth.
Although this planet is registered in the Galactic Atlas as an 
underdeveloped planet, since its people are constantly at war, no data 
is available for the total population of sentient life forms.

Emergency Shelter (Facility) 
See Evacuation Facility.

Estoch System (Planetary System)
Located in Sector Lambda, the Estoch System includes seven planets and 
countless asteroids in orbit around the primary.
This system began developing at a sudden and dramatic pace when a vein 
of dielectric bauxite-a component of superconducting aluminum-was found 
on the outermost of the seven planets.
However, since it is located in a border zone close to the Aldian 
Empire, and because the dielectric bauxite has already been tapped out 
by the large numbers of miners working in this system, it is now almost 
entirely deserted.

Eta Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that includes Tetragenesis and 
Remote Stations #3 and #4.

Evacuation Facility (Facility)
In an emergency, any of the transporters located throughout Iruba can 
be used to go to the Evacuation Facility. (To evacuate...duh.)
Although there are several emergency evacuation facilities of this 
nature located in civilized cities around the Pangalactic Federation, 
this is the first time such a system was ever used on Hyda IV or 
anywhere in the Hyda system.

Expel (Planet)
A planet located in the Arkula System of Sector Theta that has an 
atmospheric composition and surface gravity approximately identical to 
those of Earth.
This naturally beautiful world is currently enjoying a period of 
stability, but at one point in its past the high density of Energy 
Stones distributed throughout its atmosphere polluted the entire 
planet.
This mysterious pollution, which began in 366 SD, continued for several 
years, and affected the psyches of many of the planet's wild animals, 
causing them to ferociously attack the native Expelians.
However, in 371 SD, Dr. Neuyman succeeded in developing his Neuyman 
Purifier, a device that was able to remove this pollution.
This cleaner worked wonderfully, removing most of the pollution by the 
very next year, and thereby eliminating almost all of the negative 
influence of the Energy Stones.  Recognizing the value of this 
technology, Expel was invited to join the Pangalactic Federation at the 
end of the same year.
Because Expel is one of the few planets that generate Energy Stones-a 
necessity in the creation of Quadratic Keys-the planet is an extremely 
influential voice within the Pangalactic Federation.  The current Prime 
Minister of Expel is Ms. Eleanor T. Kross (age 36).

Federation Station #5 (Facility)
See Moonbase.

Federation Station #8 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation space station located in the Alpha Sector.
Since there were few powerful hostile forces in the surrounding 
sectors, this base was accustomed to peace and is thought not to have 
been combat ready.
Although it may be true that no one could have successfully defended 
the base against the attack by the Executioners, there is no doubt that 
the base's commander, Lieutenant General Vaughn, was responsible for 
the unexpectedly rapid defeat of the base.

Federation Station #9 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation Base located in the Alpha Sector.  It was the 
first military base attacked and destroyed by the Executioners.

Federation Station #16 (Facility)
A station that suffered serious damage when attacked during the 
invasion by the Aldian Empire at the time Federation Station #17 was 
destroyed.  This base was reclaimed from the hands of the Aldian Empire 
by Commodore Wittcomb, hero of the Pangalactic military.

Federation Station #17 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation base that used to orbit the planet Rahva III.
As the closest military base to the territory of the Aldian Empire, it 
suffered endless and devastating attacks by the Aldian forces.
Seven years ago, in 765 SD, it was brutally attacked by a fleet of the 
Aldian Empire.  Damage sustained in the attack caused the Creation 
Engine inside the base to malfunction, completely annihilating it.

Federation Station #17 (Part 2) (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation base where Maria lived as a young child.
Seven years ago, this facility was vaporized by a Creation Engine that 
malfunctioned during a vicious attack by the Aldian Empire.
A swarm of asteroids routed from deep space smashed into this base.
The small number of ships comprising the base's defense fleet were 
unable to alter the course of so many chunks of ice.

Federation Station #18 (Facility)
A station that suffered serious damage when attacked during the 
invasion by the Aldian Empire at the time Federation Station #17 was 
destroyed.  It was reclaimed from the Aldian Empire by General Reed 
(who was a lieutenant general at the time), a famous military leader of 
the Pangalactic Federation.

Federation Station #20 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation space station located in the Alpha Sector that 
had the unfortunate fate of having to take on responsibility for 
defending the entire region after the sudden annihilation of Federation 
Station #8, which was torn to shreds like so much paper.

Federation Station #31 (Facility)
A doomed station easily destroyed by the Executioners, along with 
Federation Station #9, Federation Station #36, and Federation Station 
#42.

Federation Station #36 (Facility)
A defeated station easily destroyed by the Executioners, along with 
Federation Station #9, Federation Station #31, and Federation Station 
#42.

Federation Station #42 (Facility)
A pitiful station easily destroyed by the Executioners, along with 
Federation Station #9, Federation Station #31, and Federation Station 
#36.

Firewall (World)
A powerful security zone created to protect the data of Luther 
Lansfeld, president of Sphere and lead developer of the Eternal Sphere.
This security zone includes powerful defensive barriers to prevent the 
entry of hackers and viruses backed by governments, so only the best 
programs can break through.

Fourth-Dimensional Space (Universe)
The universe where the 4D beings, who are thought to have created the 
universe of Fayt and friends, live.
No information is available on this universe.
According to the research of Dr. Leingod and his team of scientists, 
the relic on the planet Styx known as the Time Gate is actually an 
entrance to this 4D space.

Gamma Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that is home to the Vendeeni, the 
most scientifically advanced civilization in the galaxy.  It is also 
home to a large number of neutral powers that use the Vendeeni as a 
shield.
Planets in this sector are able to maintain their independence because 
the area is far away from the Pangalactic Federation's center of 
government, no active anti-Federation power uses the area as a base of 
operations, and most of all, it is near the border of the Aldian 
Empire, the Pangalactic Federation's primary rival.

Gemity (City)
A city existing for the amusement of the non-working class that makes 
up the majority of the 4D universe's population.
It was developed and is operated by Sphere, the same company that 
developed the Eternal Sphere.  Within Gemity, it is possible to fully 
experience the virtual universe of the Eternal Sphere as if you are 
there.  In other words, it's just like an amusement park.

Granah Hills (Place Name)
A region noted for its deep gorges connecting Kirlsa with the Kirlsa 
Training Facility.  It is the only part of the Kingdom of Airyglyph to 
grow crops.
In actuality, however, the areas flat enough to use for agriculture are 
no wider than a soldier's shield.

Gravitic Warp Space (Nickname)
Space that is surrounded by a gravitic warp field, and which is 
compressed much more than ordinary space.  See gravitic warp field.

Greeton, Technological Superpower (Country)
See the Kingdom of Greeton.

Hyda IV (Planet)
The fourth planet of the Kappa Sector's Hyda System, Hyda IV has an 
atmospheric composition that closely resembles that of Earth, other 
than a slightly higher level of argon.
It has an axial tilt of 34.6', orbits 1.4 AUs away from its sun, and 
has a surface gravity of 0.9 G.
Since the entire planet is blessed with natural beauty and a lack of 
dangerous organisms, it is extremely popular as a health resort.
The equatorial regions, where temperatures are mild and humidity is 
low, provide an excellent climate for mammalian races, especially 
humans.
The planet constantly plays hot to over one hundred thousand tourists.
Although it has no native sentient life forms, immigrants from other 
planets and resort employees have settled here, bringing the planet's 
total estimated population to approximately 120,000.

Irisa Fields (Place Name) 
A pleasantly breezy expanse of plains that lies between Peterny and 
Aquios.
Merchants, runologists, and devout followers of the Church of Apris 
pass through this region every day on the way to the holy land of 
Aquios.

Iruba (City)
The 14th Recreational Zone of Hyda IV, Iruba's huge, pristine beach and 
tropical forest park help to make it the most popular of Hyda IV's 
twenty-four recreational zones.
Iruba is popular with a wide range of visitors from all generations, 
including families, couples, and a large number of celebrities from 
various fields.

Kaddan (Facility) 
See Shrine of Kaddan.

Kappa Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that includes both Hyda System and 
Remote Station #7.  Approximately 40% of it is under the control of the 
Pangalactic Federation.

Kingdom of Airyglyph (Country)
A military nation ruling the mountainous southern regions of the 
continent of Gaitt, which is located in the southern hemisphere of the 
planet of Elicoor II.
Seeking to establish a unified rule over the entire continent, the 
prowess of its three armies strikes fear into the hearts of those 
living in neighboring lands.  These three armies include a cavalry 
brigade (the Storm Brigade), heavy cavalry (the Black Brigade), and an 
air assault brigade (the Dragon Brigade).

Kingdom of Aquaria (Country)
A theocratic kingdom located on the continent of Gaitt, on the planet 
Elicoor II, the Kingdom of Aquaria refers to itself as a "Sacred 
Kingdom".
The Church of Apris, which has many followers throughout the continent, 
was born in this kingdom.  Ever since the Torastic Religious War that 
occurred seven hundred years ago, an unbroken line of royalty dating 
back to the age of this kingdom's predecessor, the Sacred Kingdom of 
Aquor, has ruled the land.
Perhaps due to the recent incursions of the Kingdom of Airyglyph, the 
current ruler of this country, Aquaria XXVII, is allocating a 
tremendous amount of resources to research into runology.

Kingdom of Aquor (Country)
An ancient kingdom that ruled most of the continent of Gaitt over a 
period from 700 to 320 years ago.
Aquor-often seen as the predecessor of the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria-
was eventually destroyed by an invasion from the Kingdom of Greeton.

Kingdom of Greeton (Country)
Located on the continent of Greeton on Elicoor II, Greeton is well 
known for its technological sophistication.  Most of the population of 
Greeton is comprised of humanoids known as Rockfolk, and is rumored to 
possess a relatively high level of mechanical technology.  However, 
details about Greeton are scarce as it closed itself off to outsiders 
centuries ago.

Kirlsa (City)
The town in the Kingdom of Airyglyph that lies closest to the border 
with the neighboring Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria.
The number of soldiers stationed here rose sharply after the war 
started, and its atmosphere is growing increasingly tense.
It is governed by Count Woltar and the Storm Brigade, which reports 
directly to him.

Kirlsa Caverns (Place Name)
A gigantic tunnel through a mountain range connecting Kirlsa and the 
Bequerel Mountain Path.
These artificial caverns were built over the course of ten years, in 
order to make it easier to access the Bequerel Mountain Path, which 
contains many veins of ore.  Domesticated Hauler Beasts allow large 
shipments of materials to be transported through the caverns.

Kirlsa Hills (Place Name)
A barren, hilly region between Kirlsa and Arias that contains rich 
mineral deposits.  Sovereignty over this region is a point of dispute 
between Airyglyph and Aquaria, and there is still no precise boundary 
between the two kingdoms in this area.

Kirlsa Training Facility (Facility)
An ancient, abandoned fort south of Kirlsa converted by the Airyglyph 
military into a garrison for the Black Brigade.
Hundreds of innocent men and women, especially believers of the Church 
of Apris living within the territory of Airyglyph, have been executed 
here in order to serve as an example.

Klaus III (Planet)
The third planet of the Klaus System, Klaus III has no seasons due to 
its axial tilt of 0.4', is 1.2 AUs away from its parent star, and has a 
gravity of 2.4 G.
Its atmosphere has only two-thirds of Earth's oxygen in terms of 
density.  The oxygen is replaced by additional nitrogen.
It is thought that the severity of this environment--low oxygen density 
and heavy gravity--is responsible for giving the Klausians their 
incredible physical capabilities.

Klaus IV (Planet)
The fourth planet in Klaus System, Klaus IV has an atmospheric 
composition that is almost completely made up of carbon dioxide.
Klaus IV has an axial tilt of 11.2', is 1.8 AUs from its parent star, 
and has a gravity of 0.6 G.
Although it used to be sterile and devoid of any life forms, as the 
population of Klaus III increased, colonization proceeded, and now one 
fourth of all Klausians live in habitation domes constructed on this 
planet.
The atmospheric composition and gravity of the areas underneath the 
habitation domes are adjusted to resemble that of Klaus III, and 
therefore life is possible underneath the domes without any noticeable 
difference.  The total number of Klausians living in the galaxy at 
present is estimated at around twelve billion.

Lambda Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that is the closest Pangalactic 
Federation controlled sector to the territory of the Aldian Empire.
Federation Station #17 was located here until it was destroyed in an 
attack by the Aldian Empire seven years ago.

Lesonia (Planet)
A planet located in the Gamma Sector.
Gravitational anomalies abound in the region surrounding Lesonia. It 
used to boast a huge sphere of influence thanks to the warp tunnels 
that used these anomalies for faster-than-light travel.
Unfortunately, this method of travel is one-way only, and only leads to 
specific destinations, so when warp technology was developed, the power 
of this planet dwindled rapidly.
(As of the present date of 772 SD, only a few useful two-way routes 
have been discovered.)

Lost City (City)
One of the seven major cities in 4D space.
The Lost City is actually only of moderate size, but its top-class 
system of authority allows it to easily concentrate its capabilities.  
This puts its city voice in various matters on par with the other major 
cities.
At present, it is concentrating its efforts in the information and 
entertainment fields.

Luna (Moon)
The moon of the third planet of the Sol System, Earth.  In this day and 
age, when people speak of Luna, they are often referring to Moonbase, 
which was built in orbit around Luna.

Maze of Tribulations (Facility)
A hellish maze that seems to have been designed by a mischievous god.

Milokeenia (Planet) 
An uninhabited planet in the Theta Sector.
The former inhabitants of this planet had a well-developed 
civilization, and the ruins of a gigantic, dome-shaped structure can be 
found on the planet.
This dome is famous as the place where the amazing OPA known as 
Creation Energy was discovered.  This event drastically changed the 
course of the Pangalactic Federation's history.
When the ruins remaining on this planet were examined and analyzed, it 
was discovered that the collapse of a ruin triggers the release of a 
tremendous amount of energy equivalent to magnitude 1 from inside.  
Therefore, it is generally believed that the civilization was destroyed 
by Creation Energy running amok as it was being researched.

Moonbase (Facility)
The widely used nickname of Federation Station #5, which was built in 
orbit around the moon Luna, in the Sol System.

Moonbase (Part 2) (Facility)
The space station containing the research lab where Fayt's parents, the 
Leingods, and Sophia's father, Dr. Esteed, used to work.
This place holds the key to the secrets hidden in the genes of Fayt and 
Maria.

Moonbase (Part 3) (Facility)
The space station containing the research lab where Fayt's parents, the 
Leingods, Sophia's father, Dr. Esteed, and Maria's foster mother, Dr. 
Traydor, developed the three powers aimed at fighting back against the 
4D beings: Alteration, Destruction, and Connection.
This is why this base was directly attacked by the Proclaimers, who 
specialize in thorough destruction.

Moonlit Bridge (Facility) 
A gigantic bridge connecting the city of Aquios with the Irisa Fields.
You'd think there would be a story behind the name of this bridge, but 
there really isn't.

Mosel Dunes (Place Name)
A parched desert region located in the eastern part of the Sanmite 
Republic in which a constant wind blows from the east.
Ordinarily, a tall and windy mountain range the likes of the Mosel 
Dunes will have an arid climate, but this is not always the case on the 
continent of Gaitt.
For instance, the water flowing around Surferio and Aquios never dries 
up for some unknown reason.

Mountain of the Gods (Place Name)
A mountain beyond Duggus Forest and one of the few remaining locations 
where Palmira's Flower can still be found within the Sacred Kingdom of 
Aquaria.
The fact that Ameena and her friends can so easily travel there would 
seem to indicate that there is a back road to the peak known only to a 
few people.
The mountain itself is considerably distant from human habitations, so 
Nel cannot be blamed for not knowing of this back road.

Mountains of Barr (Place Name)
A gigantic mountain range located in the northern region of the Kingdom 
of Airyglyph.
These mountains lead to the legendary Dragon Road, which Airyglyph I is 
said to have climbed.

Palmira Plains (Place Name)
Fertile plains between Arias and Peterny that are cut in half by a 
river that runs east to west.
Every several years, the river overflows and causes flooding but this 
process also has the effect of naturally replacing the soil, and 
thereby maintaining the richness of the land.

Pangalactic Federation (Government or Force)
Established by the third planet of the Sol System in 12 SD, the 
Pangalactic Federation was the first multi-planetary alliance-based 
government.
Originally known as the Terran Alliance when it was founded, as it 
grew, its named was changed to the Pangalactic Federation.
Currently, several hundred races of sentient life forms belong to this 
government.

Passage from Parch to Plenty (Place Name)
A passage leading to the Mosel Dunes region in western Surferio.
Only those who can breathe underwater or fly can travel to the 
hinterlands of the Republic of Sanmite without passing through this 
area.

Pesotto Forest (Place Name) 
The forest region where Fayt crash-landed in his escape pod.
This is a very secluded region, even for the underdeveloped planet of 
Vanguard III, and there is little reason to visit it.  Only a few local 
inhabitants ever do.

Peterny (City)
A city and commercial hub connecting the royal city Aquios of the 
Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria with the three surrounding kingdoms.
Unlike Aquios, with its decidedly religious bent, this town is an 
advanced center of commerce, and acts almost as a second capital of the 
Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria.
Peterny is the commercial heart of the whole continent of Gaitt.

Remote Station #6 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation base located on the borderline between the 
Gamma and Lambda sectors that is home to eight battle-class ships (with 
the most powerful and honored ship of them all, the Aquaelie as the 
mothership), thirty-five combat explorers and research explorers, and 
twenty-five transport ships.
More ships are stationed here than in typical space stations in order 
to counter the hostile Aldian Empire.  The current commander of this 
base is Commodore Wittcomb, the most famous hero of the Pangalactic 
Federation.

Remote Station #7 (Facility)
A Pangalactic Federation base orbiting Hyda III that patrols and 
protects approximately half of the Kappa Sector (including Hyda System 
itself), as well as part of the Iota Sector.
This base includes three battle-class ships, with the GFAS1144 Argyll 
acting as the mothership, ten combat explorers, and twelve research 
explorers/transport ships.  This base's fleet is smaller because there 
are no powers in the region that are hostile to the Pangalactic 
Federation.
General Birmingham (male, age 54) is the current base commander.

Rezerb (Planet)
A planet located in the Zeta Sector that is not a member of the 
Pangalactic Federation.
Rezerb oppresses the people of surrounding planets through military 
force and has even been designated as a sponsor of terrorism by 
Pangalactic Federation.  Sergeant Brooklund is the current Prime 
Minister of this planet.

Roak (Planet) 
A planet in the Theta Sector which is relatively close to the Sol 
System.
The blood of the Felinefolk who live on this planet can be processed 
and used to manufacture a material that is able to absorb nearly 100% 
of all light wavelengths between 240 and 780 nm.  This caused Roak to 
get pulled into a war between the Terran Alliance and Lesonia in the 
middle of the 4th century SD.
Estimates of the number of Felinefolk that were abducted from Roak and 
taken to Lesonia during this period vary from several hundred thousand 
to several million.
In 446 SD, Roak signed an alliance with Earth.
In 450 SD, Roak joined the Pangalactic Federation.
...Or so we are told.

Ruins of Barr (Place Name)
A complex of ruins located deep within the Mountains of Barr.
It is said that a very long time ago, humans and dragons used to live 
there together in harmony.

Ruins of Coffir (Facility)
Ancient, abandoned ruins located near the village of Whipple.  The 
locals believe that these are the ruins of the tombs of aristocrats 
that used to rule this area in the distant past.

Runological Weapon Research Facility (Facility)
The Runological Weapon Research Facility of the Sacred Kingdom of 
Aquaria is led by Dr. Elena Frahm and her protector Dion.
It is truly unfortunate that the war with the Kingdom of Airyglyph has 
added the word "Weapon" between "Runological" and "Research Facility".

Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria (Country)
See the Kingdom of Aquaria.

Sanmite Republic (Country)
A nation located on the continent of Gaitt, on the planet Elicoor II, 
the Sanmite Republic was created by humanoids in order to resist the 
three surrounding nations.
The policies of this nation are decided through discussions among the 
representatives of all of its various tribes.

Sanmite Steppe (Place Name) 
A semi-arid grass-covered plain between the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria 
and the Sanmite Republic, the Sanmite Steppe is surrounded by mountains 
that cause the altitude to vary dramatically within the region.
Around the time the Kingdom of Airyglyph invaded the Kingdom of 
Aquaria, armed bands of thieves began infesting the forested areas near 
this region.

Sealed Cavern (Place Name)
A secret, underground passageway connecting Castle Aquaria and the 
Shrine of Kaddan.
Very few people know of this passageway, even in the Kingdom of 
Aquaria.

Shrine of Kaddan (Facility) 
A shrine located near Aquios, Kaddan is counted as one of the holy 
sites of the Church of Apris, and the structure on its top floor is 
said to be one of the most ancient pieces of architecture still 
remaining on the continent of Gaitt.
Since it is forbidden for anyone other than the unbroken line of Holy 
Mothers to enter the shrine, nobody knows who made the shrine, or their 
reasons for doing so.
One thing that is certain, however, is that powerful runology was used 
at the time of construction, and this has protected the shrine from 
major wind and rain damage over the millennia.

Sol System (Planetary System)
A planetary system centered on the primary Sol that comprises a 
countless number of planets, moons, asteroids, comets, and other 
astronomical bodies.
This system, which can be thought of as the center of the Pangalactic 
Federation, includes many huge cities, located on planets such as Earth 
and Mars, as well as on moons such as Luna, Phobos, Deimos, Io, and 
Titan.

Spacetime Station (Facility)
A place where inhabitants of 4D space utilize spatial conjuncture 
technology, which is the preferred mode of travel in this universe.
At first glance, the technology resembles the transporters used in the 
Milky Way, but in actuality, the two systems are completely different.  
Transporters simultaneously delete and create matter at two separate 
locations to mimic transportation, but within such a station, spatial 
conjunctions that lead to other locations are actually formed.
To prevent crime, however, use of this Spacetime Station is restricted 
by requiring governmental approval for each specific destination 
coordinate.  The system does not allow anyone to freely travel anywhere 
they want.

Sphere 211 (Facility)
The headquarters of the gigantic company Sphere, which controls almost 
all of the Lost City.
Sphere 211 sports countless defense systems and private guard units, 
under the pretext of protection from terrorism.

Spiral Tower (Universe)
A special space where Luther's data is stored.
It is ordinarily protected by countless powerful defense programs, 
which have been arranged in such a way as to guard its precious data 
against attacks from other cities in 4D space.
At present, it is protected by additional programs as well.  These 
additional programs have been set to operate at their fastest possible 
processing speeds, and as a result, the entire space itself is 
extremely unstable.

Styx (Planet)
A mysterious planet that has been declared a prohibited zone under 
Federation law, together with the region of space surrounding it for 
five light years in all directions.   While the space surrounding this 
planet is outside the borders of the Pangalactic Federation, it is said 
that countless Federation battle-class ships are stationed in the area.
Despite the lack of information, rumors among the general population 
abound, including whispers that the planet is the entrance to the 
Daemonium, or that an ancient, extremely powerful civilization sleeps 
there in stasis--but these are mere guesses.

Styx (Part 2) (Planet)
A mysterious planet containing the remains of an extremely ancient 
civilization.
One of the ruins on this planet is a mysterious device known as the 
Time Gate.
Although it is thought that the Time Gate is a time machine, and that 
it enables travel through time, very few details are known about this 
device.

Surferio (City)
The former capital of the Ancient Kingdom of Aquor, a kingdom which 
pre-dates both the Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria and the military 
superpower of Airyglyph.
According to historical texts, in a war 300 years ago, Sirvia I, the 
future queen, released the power of the Sacred Orb to strike back 
against the Mechanized Corps of the technological superpower of 
Greeton.  The Corps was occupying Surferio at the time and as a result, 
the city sank below the sea, along with the occupying forces.
At present, the city is located in territory belonging to the Sanmite 
Republic, and it is said that many humanoids who are suited to life 
underwater dwell there.

Terran Alliance (Government or Force)
The first multi-planetary alliance government, established by the third 
planet of the Sol System in 12 SD.
This government currently goes by the name "Pangalactic Federation," 
but its activities and principles have changed little since the time of 
the Terran Alliance.  At some time in the past, it was also known as 
the Earth Federation.

Tetragenesis (Planet and Group of Artificial Satellites)
The fourth planet of the primary star Genesis, located in the Eta 
Sector, Tetragenesis used to be the thriving home of many sentient life 
forms, but a series of solar flares have recently turned it into a dead 
world on which nothing can live.

Theta Sector (Sector)
The sector of the Milky Way galaxy that includes the Sol System and 
Arkula System.
Theta sector is the center of the Pangalactic Federation, physically, 
politically, and also historically.  Many important Pangalactic 
Federation facilities are located within this sector, including Remote 
Stations #1 and #2.

Traum Mountains (Place Name)
The snowbound, mountainous region between the royal city of Airyglyph 
and the town of Kirlsa.
The jagged cliffs and mountain walls of this area make for a great deal 
of variation in altitude.

Urssa Cave Temple (Facility)
Ruins found beneath the Urssa Lava Caves.
It is rumored that ones who enter here are never seen again.
But since no one has actually gone in yet...

Urssa Lava Caves (Place Name)
A complex of torrid caves in which air dragons congregate.  The air 
dragons gain power as they age, and are under the leadership of 
Crosell, who is known as the Lord of Air Dragons.
It would be no exaggeration to say that every last soldier in the 
Kingdom of Airyglyph dreams of the day when they can sign a contract 
with one of the air dragons living in this cave complex.
The Dragon Brigade in the Kingdom of Airyglyph boasts a large number of 
knights who ride air dragons, but as of yet, only two people have 
succeeded in taming one of the air dragons living in the Urssa Lava 
Caves--King Airyglyph XIII and Duke Vox (the commander of the Dragon 
Brigade).

Vanguard III (Planet) 
The third planet of the Vanguard System, which has an atmospheric 
composition and surface gravity that are very close to those of Earth.
Vanguard III has an axial tilt of 35.0', is 1.2 AUs away from its 
parent star, and has a surface gravity of 0.72 G.  It is registered in 
the Galactic Atlas as having a technological level equivalent to 16th 
century Earth, so it is considered to be an underdeveloped planet.
Its soil is russet colored due to the high percentage of hematite in 
the soil, and almost all of the population has settled in the forested 
regions that dot coasts and other areas.
The total population of sentient life forms is approximately 200 
million.

Vendeen (Planet)
A single-planet nation located in the Vendeeni System.  First contact 
was made in 710 SD.
Although the Vendeeni possess little power, the sophistication of their 
science exceeds that of the Pangalactic Federation and Aldian Empire.  
This has allowed the Vendeen to maintain its neutrality despite the 
delicate balance of power in the region.
The Vendeeni are not hostile to the Pangalactic Federation, but on the 
other hand, they are not particularly friendly either.

Vendeen (Part 2) (Planet)
For unknown reasons, the Vendeeni attacked Hyda IV with devastating 
force and kidnapped Professor Leingod--the most distinguished scientist 
of the Pangalactic Federation--and have now mobilized another attack 
force in order to secure the person of Fayt.
Although they are powerful enough to field an attack force, it is very 
odd that the Vendeeni, who are vastly inferior in overall military 
power, would perpetrate such a rash act.

Vendeen (Part 3) (Planet)
The Vendeeni, masters of space-time theory, have become aware of the 
fact that their universe was created by the inhabitants of 4D space.
Not only that, they have also come to understand that symbology 
possesses the ability to rewrite the language that describes the 
universe, thereby destroying the axioms the order of their world is 
based on.
The Vendeeni feared not the Pangalactic Federation, nor the Aldian 
Empire, but rather the 4D beings who created them.
If the 4D beings destroy civilizations that have gone too far, then the 
Vendeeni see no option than to stop the progress of civilization 
itself.
Unfortunately, the ignorant Pangalactic Federation have already gone 
past the point of no return.
Even worse, they have gone so far as to rebel against the 4D beings who 
created the universe.
If the Creator is selective when deciding who to destroy, then the 
Vendeeni reason that all they need to do is hide from the Creator's 
gaze.
The Vendeeni see this as difficult, but not impossible.  However, if 
the Creator is angry at the entire universe, and if the destruction is 
to be indiscriminate, then this is a different story altogether.
The Vendeeni, who see their own path to salvation, view the research of 
Dr. Leingod as unforgivable, since it may result in the destruction of 
the entire galaxy.

Whipple (City)
The village Fayt first arrived at after crash-landing on Vanguard III.
Comprised of farmers and fieldworkers, this village possesses no 
particular industry.

Zeta Sector (Sector) 
A neutral sector of the Milky Way galaxy, outside the control of the 
Pangalactic Federation.
Klaus and Rezerb systems are located in this sector.