4D Being (Race)
See Fourth-Dimensional Being.

Air Dragon (Dragon Species)
A type of dragon that has extremely large wings and a body size more 
compact than that of other dragons.  This allows them to soar through 
the skies faster than any other dragon on Elicoor II.
Air Dragons have a relatively short lifespan for a dragon race, and 
mostly live only two to three centuries, although some rare individuals 
have been known to live for almost 1000 years.

Aldian (Race)
A sentient race living in the Aldian Empire, the primary rival of the 
Pangalactic Federation.
Not only have the Pangalactic Federation and the Aldian Empire been in 
a constant state of war ever since first contact, since Aldian 
battleships self-destruct without fail after losing a battle, 
absolutely no information is available about this civilization.

Aldian (Part 2) (Race)
The Aldians were actually part of a single organism that was entirely 
dependent upon its home planet from birth.
The organism had multiple bodies, all of which could act independently, 
but which were controlled by a single mind located on the Aldian home 
world.
This explains why the Aldian placed such a small value on individual 
life forms.
The idea of individual bodies, each imbued with a separate spirit, was 
completely incomprehensible to this entity.

Alphalian (Race)
A race of Humans living on the planet Elda III, which is blessed with 
natural beauty and an abundance of water.  Alphalians are friendly to 
everyone they come into contact with, and it takes a great deal to 
anger one enough to do harm to anyone.
Of course this assumes one can stand their more irritating traits.
Those who cannot feel as if every move they make is a gigantic hammer, 
pounding away at their skull.
The reason people get away with repeating the old adage, "Striking an 
Alphalian isn't a crime, it's a natural reaction" is that the 
Alphalians have such an unusually contentious conversational style, 
coupled with a narcissistic need to be the center of attention.

Beegul (Insectoid Type)
A race descended from insects, standing around 80 centimeters tall.
Since Beeguls have an exoskeleton, their skin is extremely hard--so 
hard, in fact, that it can easily reflect the thrust of a dull sword.  
They can fly freely through the air with the two sets of two membranous 
wings they sport on their backs.
In general, they suffer from poor eyesight, but since they are so 
extremely powerful and make such excellent warriors, they are sought 
out as mercenaries by various nations.  Beeguls are pitch black in 
color and are relatively easy to recognize due to the large horns on 
their head.

Blue Dolphin (Race)
A marine race that lives in the city of Orba, which lies underneath an 
ocean on the planet Expel.
As it is readily apparent, Blue Dolphins are descended from dolphins, 
but the race actually evolved the ability to live on land due to 
planetary pollution caused by the Energy Stone in 366 SD.
However, the Blue Dolphins have a rough time living on land because 
their skin dries easily, and they can never stray too far from water.

Bubblehearts (Faerie Race)
A mysterious race of fairies that stand about 50 centimeters tall and 
live in the Sanmite Republic.
Bubblehearts are able to float and move freely about through the air 
thanks to the power of the gem necklaces they wear.
Sadly, most of their legs have completely atrophied, and now lack the 
ability to support their own weight.
If these extremely rare fairies live nearby, hide in the shadows and 
watch them on a windy day.  Their struggles not to get blown away is 
good for a laugh.

Bunnymen (??? Type)
A race of mammals that resemble rotund rabbits and have somehow spread 
throughout the galaxy.
Bunnymen are extremely friendly, and possess the odd ability to appear 
anywhere, at any time, when called with a special sound.
Extremely swift-footed and reasonably strong, they are prized as beasts 
of burden on some planets. 

Convictor (Computational Type)
An upgraded, more powerful Executioner based on an improved Enforcer 
design.
Convictors are not very large, but since Luther himself reprogrammed 
the Executioners, they possess greatly improved capabilities in every 
respect.
However, these Executioners require a tremendous amount of data to 
exist, and releasing too many of them into the Eternal Sphere at the 
same time might cause serious problems in the structure of the universe 
itself.  This is why the use of these Executioners has been restricted.

Demonoid (Race)
An extremely rare hybrid species resulting from the combination of 
humans and demons.
In extremely rare cases, a child is born to human and demon parents, as 
a result of a contract (or even love).  The children of these unholy 
unions are referred to as Demonoids.
 
Dragon (Race Category)
Many organisms have been referred to as "dragons" since days of old, 
but in general, this term is used to describe huge reptiles with 
collarbones or shoulder blades that have evolved into wings.
Most "dragons" are little more than gigantic lizards, but some boast a 
high level of intelligence, as well as the ability to use a unique type 
of magic known as "dragon lore magic".
These highly intelligent dragons are extremely fond of precious metals 
such as gold and silver, and enjoy resting on heaping piles of the 
same.
Note, however, that this does not reflect any particular greed on their 
part.  The dragons use the high heat conductivity of the metal to lower 
their body temperature.
Many dragons use a unique internal organ commonly referred to as the 
"breath sack" to generate methane and other combustible gases from 
materials such as the rotting corpses of other animals.
The combustive gas created in this fashion is concentrated within the 
mouth, and gradually accumulates in a hollow at the bottom of the 
nostril.  Dragons utilize their famous "fire breath" weapon by 
expelling this gas at high pressure, while rubbing their sharp teeth 
together to generate sparks and thereby ignite the gas.

Drowglynn (Faerie Race)
A mischief-loving race that lives in the Sanmite Republic.  Drowglynns 
enjoy stealing things and causing injuries, so they are not liked by 
other races.
On the other hand, nobody despises them because few Drowglynn 
companions die due to accident or disease.  It is theorized that by 
creating their own misfortune, the Drowglynn deplete the bad luck 
around them, thereby protecting themselves from more serious 
calamities.
The power of the Drowglynn is truly mystifying.

Earthling (Race)
The type of human originating on Earth, the third planet of the Sol 
System.

Edifian (Race)
An unusual marine race that lives on the underdeveloped planet Edifice.
Edifians live in a number of cities built on the ocean bed, and are 
strongly suspicious of those races that live on dry land.  Edifians are 
not very enthusiastic about contact with outsiders, so very little is 
known about them.

Elicoorian (Race)
Humans living on Elicoor II, primarily found in the Sacred Kingdom of 
Aquaria and the military superpower of Airyglyph.
Although Elicoorians look exactly like Earthlings at first glance, they 
are a completely different race.
The most distinguishing characteristic of Elicoorians is a special 
ability of their eyes--they are able to visually recognize fluctuations 
in Symbological force.
The precision with which an individual can discern Symbological 
fluctuations depends on their genetic makeup.  Holy Mothers, who have 
the greatest concentration of this power, are able to see the workings 
of symbols in every living or non-living bodies or activity within 
their field of vision.
This is why the Elicoorians possess symbological technology that 
greatly exceeds their general level of civilization.

Enforcer (Computational Type)
A type of Executioner that specializes in destruction.
Apparently, an Enforcer isn't a single, specific type of Executioner, 
but rather one of a group of Executioners that has been given a 
specific mission to perform.
Enforcers come in an incredible range of sizes, with lengths ranging 
from several meters to several thousand kilometers.

Executioners (??? Type)
A mysterious life form that refers to itself as an "instrument of the 
Creator's condemnation".
Executioners represent an unknown power that has suddenly declared war 
upon Earth, broadcasting the message that Terran civilization has 
trespassed upon the realm of the Creator Himself.
At present, little is known about the Executioners, but there is no 
doubt that they do possess a high enough level of technology to back up 
their claim to godhood.

Executioners (Part 2) (Race Category)
The Executioners are a type of anti-bug destruction program sent into 
the Eternal Sphere by the 4D beings in order to fix major problems that 
have occurred in the ordered structure of the Milky Way data.
Many of the 4D beings who created the Executioners refer to them by 
nicknames such as "patches" or "worms".

Expelian (Race)
A hybrid species resulting from the combination of humans living on the 
planet Expel with the native Felinefolk.
The Expelian race's difference from most other sentient races is in its 
development as a result of a hybridization process involving a number 
of different sentient life forms over a long period of time.
Due to their origins, members of the race have an extremely wide 
variety of distinguishing characteristics.  Only some have tails, and 
there are many types of ear shapes, eye, and coloration patterns.
Incidentally, the children of two Expelian parents with the same 
recessive gene in the 12th chromosome are known to revert to the 
ancestral Felinefolk form, so on the planet Expel, a DNA analysis is 
legally required before marriage.
Another noteworthy characteristic of the Expelians is that in extremely 
rare cases, individuals are born with a powerful natural Symbological 
ability.
These types of Expelians possess an advanced Symbological structure 
inside their very DNA, and this enables them to use symbology without 
resorting to inscribing symbols on their bodies.
These special Expelians often have a distinguishing characteristic--
long ears.

Featherfolk (Race)
A race of people with large wings on their backs, descended from birds.
The process of evolution has split the humerus bone of the Featherfolk 
in two, allowing this remarkable race to possess both wings and arms.
Featherfolk are extremely light, and can use the wings on their backs 
to fly for a short period of time.

Felinefolk (Race)
A race descended from feline animals, particularly cats and lions.  
Felinefolk have tails that extend from their posteriors, and are 
extremely curious.
They have exceptionally strong senses of smell and hearing, as well as 
powerful night vision.

Flau (Faerie Race)
An adorable, 30 centimeter tall race that has large wings growing from 
their backs.
The Flau generally have cheerful personalities, and spend their lives 
flitting around flower gardens and licking the nectar off flowers.
For whatever reason, this race is known to have an unusually high 
percentage of women, and beautiful women at that.
The Flau are also known as "fairies" and area mischievous race.

Fourth-Dimensional Being (Race)
A mysterious race that lives in a different universe, known as 4D 
Space.
All information concerning this race is enshrouded in mystery, 
including its characteristics and the sophistication of its 
civilization.

Fourth-Dimensional Being (Part 2) (Race)
A sentient race living in 4D Space that created the Eternal Sphere--the 
universe where Fayt and his companions live.
The Fourth-Dimensional Beings' civilization is extremely sophisticated, 
and they believe that any labor which combines productivity and 
consumption must be restricted and held to a bare minimum in order to 
maintain their world.  In fact, labor itself is prohibited to all but 
members of a privileged class.

Foxtail (Race) 
A sentient race descended from foxes with multiple large tails 
extending from their posteriors that have the strange characteristic of 
growing one new tail each century.
Foxtails are born with powerful Symbological ability that allows them 
to take any form at will.
Strangely enough, they cannot change their tails, which remain as a 
dead giveaway to an alert observer.

Greem (Race)
A frog-like race that has taken up residence in Surferio. 
Greems can breathe through either lungs or gills, so they can live on 
land as well as underwater.
To be more precise, they need to live both on land as well as 
underwater and cannot survive with access to only one of the other 
environment.  Greem skin dries in the air, and Greem bodies are too 
fragile to withstand a high level of water pressure for long.  
Therefore, Greems must live near clear and shallow bodies of water.

Hauler (Turtle Species)
See Hauler Beast.

Hauler Beast (Turtle Species)
Resembling gigantic land turtles, Haulers are domesticated in the 
Kingdom of Airyglyph for their ability to transport goods.
Hauler beasts are very curious, and do not fear fire, which makes them 
ideal animals to use for bearing goods.
Hauler beasts are cowardly and relatively well-mannered creatures, but 
they are large and powerful, so they must be handled with care.

Highlander (Race)
A type of Felinefolk descended from tigers, known for extreme 
belligerence and a love of solitude. 

Houndfolk (Race)
A half-human, half-beast race that lives in the Sanmite Republic.
Houndfolk live in a strict hierarchy of dominance, and will completely 
subjugate their will to any person they recognize as being socially 
superior, obeying the superior's every command.
Life-threatening commands are no exception.
Actually, not only are life-threatening commands not an exception, the 
more dangerous a command, the more the command's recipient feels that 
he is being trusted by his superior, and the more likely that he will 
faithfully carry it out.
On the other hand, the Houndfolk are also known for treating those they 
see as socially inferior in an extremely cold manner.  This social 
structure makes the Houndfolk a strange and difficult race to deal 
with.
 
Human (Race)
Bipedal organisms that have evolved from monkeys and other anthropoid 
primates.
Earthlings, who originally founded the Pangalactic Federation, are one 
example of this race.

Humanoid (Race Category)
Refers to sentient races other than humans, the race that comprises the 
vast majority of sentient beings.
Note that races that resemble humans very closely in appearance, but 
which are separate from the human race itself, are not always referred 
to as humanoid races.

Klausian (Race)
A sentient race that lives on Klaus III and IV.
This race possesses excellent motor reflexes and hand-eye coordination, 
and it is said that the average Klausian can easily surpass a top 
Earthling in every aspect of physical capability.
Klausians respect self-reliance, and regardless of the fact that more 
than a century has passed since first contact was made with this race, 
they still do not belong to the Pangalactic Federation, or to any other 
multi-planetary government for that matter.
Klausians are also known for having an external appearance that very 
closely resembles that of Earthlings.  If they didn't have three 
distinguishing green lines around their necks, they would resemble 
Earthlings with extremely good physiques.

Lezonian (Race)
A sentient race of humanoids living on the planet Lezonia.
The Lezonians boasted a gigantic sphere of influence in the middle of 
the 4th century SD, and waged a number of major space wars with the 
Pangalactic Federation (then known as the Terran Alliance).
Of all the known races still living today, Lezonians are one of the 
first to have succeeded in developing faster-than-light travel.

Lousyd (Race)
A sentient race of half-human, half-fish people living in the Sanmite 
Republic.
The Lousyds are the unfortunate (?) result of plankton in waters 
infused with a powerful runological force evolving at a highly 
accelerated rate.
For whatever reason, Lousyds hate Orichalcums, and when one is brought 
too near, they emit a strange noise and try to run away.
Perhaps Orichalcums react in some way to the runological force stored 
inside the Lousyd's body, or cause a resonance effect.  This phenomenon 
remains a mystery--mainly because no one has ever attempted to find the 
reason for it.

Lum (Horse Type)
An equine mammal that inhabits many regions of Elicoor II.
Lums are used in the Kingdom of Airyglyph as mounts due to their innate 
speed and power, but due to their volatile nature, they only see wide 
use in battle and security functions.
Since Lum horns were once prized for their effectiveness as a virility 
enhancer, the wild Lum was nearly over-hunted to extinction.

Lycanthrope (Race)
An extremely rare race of individuals in which ordinary human cells and 
Beastfolk cells that have been transformed by a special virus coexist 
in the same body.  The human and Beastfolk cells in a Lycanthrope's 
body will expand or contract when the heart rate exceeds a certain 
threshold.
As a result, the Lycanthrope's external appearance will appear to 
undergo a transformation.
Although there are some exceptions, a Lycanthrope's body will become 
more solid and powerful when the Beastfolk cells are in the expanded 
state.
There are many different Lycanthrope bloodlines, including those 
related to wolves, bears, tigers, dogs, rats, boars, and other animals.  
It should be noted that the legends about Lycanthropes transforming 
after viewing the full moon, or about the Lycanthrope's invulnerability 
to all weapons save those made of silver, are nothing more than 
superstitions.
The legend of the full moon probably stems from an incident where a 
Lycanthrope saw the moon and became excited for whatever reason, 
triggering the expansion of the Lycanthrope's Beastfolk cells and 
accompanying physical transformation.

Menodix (Race)
A cheerful race living in the Sanmite Republic which is descended from 
raccoons.  They may not be very tall, but they boast dexterous fingers 
and a high level of adaptability to new circumstances.
Compared to other races, Menodixes have an excellent sense of smell.  
Their downfall is that they are very curious and easily excitable, 
characteristics which more often than not will act together to offset 
the Menodixes' positive characteristics.
Strangely enough, Menodixes have an excellent ear for music, and there 
are many eminent Menodix troubadours.  Unfortunately, thanks to the 
innate Menodix personality, almost no one is aware of this fact.

Molefolk (Race)
A race descended from moles, and which lives in places such as the 
Mosel Dunes, Molefolk have extremely large palms with sharp claws that 
resemble shovels.
They are almost completely blind, but boast powerful senses of smell 
and hearing.
Since they primarily live underground their eyes are sensitive to light 
and they must always wear special darkened contact lenses when they 
venture out onto the surface (these contact lenses are made out of 
materials such as colored crystal or crystal glass).

Proclaimer (Computational Type)
A type of Executioner that proclaims destruction.
Proclaimers are shaped like human females and unlike the Enforcers, 
which exist only to destroy, these Executioners are also capable of 
intelligent action.
These Executioners were sent directly to Moonbase, the "source of all 
evil", in order to board and annihilate the facility.

Retail Rabbit (Race)
A rabbit-like race from the Sanmite Republic.
As the name of this race suggests, Retail Rabbits will sell absolutely 
anything they can get their hands on.
"Anything" has been known to include a Retail Rabbit's very life.
Retail Rabbits immediately invest any money earned by purchasing new 
items to sell.
To a Retail Rabbit, business is like a game that ties society together. 

Rezerbian (Race)
A sentient race living on the planet Rezerb, in the Zeta Sector.
Rezerbians resemble leeches in that they live by sucking fluids from 
other organisms.
Rezerbians are highly susceptible to damage by short wavelengths of 
light such as ultraviolet, and without the special suits that they 
always wear, their skin would burn to a crisp after several hours of 
exposure to sunlight.
On the other hand, Rezerbians possess excellent regenerative abilities, 
and it has been said that they can fully recover from the loss of all 
four limbs after six months.
 
Rockfolk (Race)
Stone-based organisms that evolved based on a special mineral called 
barchite.
Even though they are composed of rocks, Rockfolk are independent and 
highly intelligent creatures.
They can be primarily found in the Greeton region, but since the 
Kingdom of Greeton has shut itself off from the rest of the world, they 
are a rare sight.
Certain Rockfolk, known as Mechateers, posses the special ability to 
manipulate metallic, humanoid fighting machines.  Mechateers are highly 
respected members of Rockfolk society.

Rondo Lukian (Race)
A sentient race living on the snowbound planet of Rondo Lukia.  Rondo 
Lukians worship a god of destruction, and believe that the universe can 
only be saved by begging this god for mercy.
The Rondo Lukians attempted to conquer the galaxy at one point, and 
went to war with their neighbors, but they were thwarted in this 
ambition by an alliance between three planets.
The Rondo Lukians were occupied by their conquerors for some time after 
the war, but thanks to the support of negotiators from the planet Fwee, 
they eventually regained their independence and joined the Pangalactic 
Federation.

Tetrageniot (Race)
A race that lives in a group of four artificial satellites that orbit 
the planet Tetragenesis, in the Eta Sector.
The Tetrageniots have a strict social structure, and the society is run 
by four noble houses, one in each satellite.  Decisions for all 
Tetrageniots are made at councils that are convened from court nobles 
of all four houses.
The most distinguishing characteristic of the Tetrageniots is without 
doubt the third eye in the middle of their forehead.
Tetrageniots make some the best gunners around.  Since they are able to 
see things with a total of three eyes, their spatial perception is 
superior to most other races.

Ur-Felinefolk (Race) 
Those Felinefolk who retain most of the external features of the 
animals from which they descended.

Vanguardian (Race)
A race living on the underdeveloped third planet of the Vanguard 
system.
Due to their planet's low gravity, Vanguardians only possess 70% of the 
physical strength of Earthlings.
Since Vanguard III is an underdeveloped planet a detailed survey has 
not been conducted, but the race living on the planet is thought to 
fall into the human category.
Other than their pointy ears, Vanguardians appear to have no 
particularly interesting or unique characteristics.

Velbaysian (Race)
A nomadic race without a single specific home, that wanders throughout 
the universe in clan-based groups.
Velbaysians possess a highly acute nervous system that makes them 
extremely talented in feats that require precise movements, such as 
acrobatics and magic tricks.  They are also well known for their 
extraordinary explosive muscle power, which regularly amazes members of 
other races.
However, Velbaysians are not very good at eliminating lactic acid from 
their muscle fibers, so they cannot use their superior abilities for 
long.

Vendeeni (Race)
A sentient race living on the planet Vendeen.  First contact with the 
Vendeeni occurred in the year 710 SD.  The Vendeeni are descended from 
a shark-like cartilaginous fish, and their skin is very pale from the 
back down to the waist.
Although the Vendeeni are one of the few races with technology rivaling 
that of the Pangalactic Federation and the Aldian Empire, they rarely 
interact with outsiders and much of Vendeeni technology is still 
shrouded in mystery.

Winged Dragon (Dragon Species)
Winged dragon is a general term that refers to any type of dragon with 
wings that can fly.  On Elicoor II, this term is mainly used to refer 
to the planet's brass dragons.
Usually, all flying dragons are referred to as winged dragons, but in 
the Kingdom of Airyglyph, a distinction is made between the vitally 
important air dragons and other flying dragons.  Therefore air dragons 
are not referred to as winged dragons in this kingdom.
